[Music]
know uh if you're nervous about your
friendship lessons it's totally okay to
say so nervous me oh Spike you really
are
hilarious you think I'm nervous that I'm
going to fail something simple as baking
a cake well if you were the silly
Twilight just said how impressed she was
that I combined a speed spell and a
duplication spell that was a challenge
[Music]
does drives me
insane maybe I'm
a she's a safy from the rain and every
little she does is
mag
magical she even no
[Music]
are
Wind by string the CLS are passing
[Music]
through the
caves Maring on and
[Music]
in the
worlding
through
de where are we
now we
[Music]
the
morning
to the hell we said into Heaven's m
[Music]
World
de are
[Music]
now everything
wow future base that's nice no more
future base we love you future
base hi just passing by and making
making you know what you inspired me to
get deeper into making into music and
starting to play a guitar again you're
going to be better at playing guitar
than me in like two weeks so that's
exciting
where are we we are
um I'm happy to hear that
though uh nice good morning where're the
games where're the games and uh was
technically continuation from last
stream cuz last last today yesterday
what I don't know I don't know how it
was yesterday for me but realistically
it was like earlier this morning morning
um continuation from uh disco elium cuz
it seems like we're uh on the on the
verge of of finishing disco elium
today um
but uh we can still do stream stuff
lovely yes and
nice um
actually want to show something uh we
haven't officially launched the merch
stuff yet
but merch merch stuff is
happening and I wanted to I wanted to
want to run through some of the ideas we
were
having
so I actually re revitalized the uh the
the main six bar
one uh so this is like some some older
version of the main six bar and this
one's just a little bit more we've
expanded it to some more designs and
stuff uh I would not recommend get any
getting anything yet because I'm still
fixing things and making sure everything
looks good um but beyond this we have uh
some other fun designs I've I've
expanded to the uh to the M logo we're
doing the M logo version now as well
which is very
exciting I'm so uh M did such an amazing
job on on the official Violet Pony logo
as well oh I need to I need to release
baddy baddy you are
released
um yeah M did so good on this logo this
logo looks good on like literally
everything so enta did an amazing job on
this uh but that's it for the serious
designs because we have some other
things like
um we do have this which is
nice
um we have uh we have [__] they have
this [__]
Cadence which is great uh there's a
there's a Cadence shower curtain and the
funniest thing about it is
the shower curtain the pricing they gave
me is like you have I could the default
pricing they gave you for the shower
curtain was like
$70 and the reason why is cuz they
wanted to like this website makes wants
to make sure you make profit from the
products but it was like $70 who the
[__] is going to pay $70 for a shower
curtain so I knocked it down all the way
to $50 and long story short if someone
buys the the helloo shower curtain I
will make two cents off of it which is
great
so if you want to give me two cents make
sure to buy the shower
curtain um we actually have dexed a
[__] tiberious monarch of lunch
meetings we have the monarch of lunch
meetings poster It's a poster we have it
we have a really shitty like hoodie with
it like just a [__] image on it was
is great you can get it in Black so it
maybe like slightly Blends in better but
it's like so like bad on purpose it's
great um do you want the [__]
tiberious Monica lunch meetings
pillowcase or just a pillow it's
straight up just a pillow do you want
the hell do you want the tiberious
monarch of monsters lunch lunch meetings
pillow
um here's another design I just
did
um this is I think we have a dark
version and a light version I have I
have the light
version as the main display but I think
we have down here well well spoilers
spoilers spoilers we we do have we do
have a a dark version for for the
one
um what the [__] cup dude you want
the [__] 11 Pony step
cup uh I also Drew I also Drew this I
drew the little
vid was nice um here's one of my
personal favorites is uh this one let's
see if I can get the full art version of
this one cuz this the oops the product
the product image doesn't really do it
justice
hold
on the product window doesn't do it
justice here we
go here's the full
art so pford merch is real
we got pford merch before promise
complex isn't that
crazy we can get a on a hoodie and [__]
we have a
poster
um now here's one of my personal
favorites I took the [__] the [__]
picture I took
for Twilight silence and pony fil just
put the text this image is insane
for the for if you don't know it's this
it's it's just
this it's just this image is
insane
oh um yeah you can also get it it like
[__] this you can get this
color I guess you could get do you want
it on a mug
this image is
insane it's like so
bad but I kind of yeah I kind of want
this
though this image is
insane it's like you have to you have to
tell everyone how to feel about the
image um we do have Lampert Lampert is
here this is the this is the AFF avenge
welcome home Lampert shirt
and it extends to other designs I mean
you can get it you can get it in [__]
piss yellow if you
want which is
great get the lamp H welcome home
hoodie it's all happening
um what else I mean oh there's also the
there's also the inverted color
version if you so desire
what else oh there's the 11 Pony step
dark version so you can get it in darker
colors if you want
it why not
slap artwork from your songs or covers
on some clothes to make some cash money
cuz I'm not trying to maximize my
profits first of
all like I don't give a [__] about money
and the other thing is it I only wanted
to look like [__] if it's
funny
like like this this is this is funny to
me like this this is funny to
me I don't just feel like putting an
album
cover uh on there and representing the
album cover that way it just feels weird
to
me um oh yeah and then we have the if if
some [__] up person wants this one
it's yours
this image is insane uh is their Cadence
the actual hat you know what I might
have news to share about that at some
point we we'll
see but uh anyway this stuff is all like
made on demand stuff so it's like stuff
that's perpetually available but it's
like not like you know the highest
quality [__] you're ever going to see in
your life so my idea is I'm probably
going to have this just for like really
basic merch stuff and then I might open
a red bubble for specifically stickers
cuz I don't I I don't like the stickers
from
spring so uh I might do a a red bubble
for for like stickers only and then my
other plan is to do like limited
releases of like other merch stuff stuff
that's like a lot better and quality and
probably like stuff you would wait for
so uh long story short the idea is like
having this in red bubble for like stuff
you can get whenever you want to and
then having also like like uh specific
higher quality runs of things they're
like limited and stuff so just
communicating
that um the other thing is
uh we recently updated the album cover
for horse friends as
well so let me get my Kaden catalog
folder open um
most people here probably have not
listened to horse friends but
um the AL my released in
2014 almost thir
is it was 11 years ago was it yeah it
was 11 years
ago and uh this is the new cover for it
deit it's really really [__] cool the
previous cover we were using for it was
this one if anyone recognizes this
and um I didn't Commission the art for
this it was just like something I had
permission to use so I wanted to instead
have a cover art for horse friends that
I actually
commissioned so I commissioned this and
what's cool is Dex is referencing the
actual original Horse Friends cover
because this isn't even the original
cover this is the r-r the 2016
re-release cover this was the actual
original cover of horse friends and so I
gave that image to Dex and it did
like it referenced the it referenced
this in the uh in the new cover which is
super [__] cool I'm like like I said
to De like this art is like way too good
for this album cuz this album's like not
great but but like it's nice to have
really nice art for
it so I'll take it and what's cool cool
is uh I think I was talking about how I
I got my my photo archive from Instagram
I recovered some photos and and stuff
and uh in the process of that I also
found the the uh Photoshop file for the
original Horse Friends album
cover
and I was able to get oh sorry let me
pull this up again I'm running all over
my
words I should wait till I actually have
everyone everything on screen so again
this is the original Horse Friends cover
and I wasn't sure if I just like pulled
a stock photo or something for that
cover art or if I like
if I took that photo and I found uh the
Photoshop file so I was able to open it
and I found the original
photo and I so I took this photo with my
iPad uh I can I can confirm because I
remember this this is uh there's lore to
this there there I'm going somewhere
with this um
let me get this one up
because these photos were both taken on
the same day in the same
area if anyone's from the Bay Area you
might actually recognize this as being
Palo
Alto cuz I was hanging out in Palo Alto
for like a day and uh I just took these
photos
there and I triangulated it and these
photos were taken in like a few streets
apart from each
other you can find it cuz this is
uh I always forget the name of this
place but this place is a is like
Peninsula something if you look at Palo
Alto Peninsula restaurant you'll find it
um and I triangulated that between that
and got I think it's got's roadside this
a burger
restaurant and yeah these are like these
these photos were taken like two streets
apart from each other and the reason why
it's like night time in one and daytime
in the other you might think oh maybe
you took one picture earlier in the day
on purpose and then one later when you
were done being out and no the answer is
we were driving around for like an hour
and a half and we couldn't figure out
where to go so the first image I took
the first picture I took was when when
we started being in palto and the second
image was like an hour and a half later
after [__] driving around for
nothing so there's your
lore there's a yeah nice so anyway long
story short because I still
have that artwork for Twilight and I'm
never changing this cover art because I
still like this cover art despite like
how questionable this EP is um but since
I'm not going to
have this one as the Horse Friends cover
um it was super cool of deck to like
reference the original like tree thing
here um so there's a little bit more
personal meaning in this cover now even
though it like really didn't need to
because again this album's just like
it's like kind of a question mark or
whatever what is up with the quick scope
ER thing I don't I don't really get it
and would love to
okay what what don't you get about it I
I don't know where to start with this um
what I can say is for those who don't
know I've started categorizing my music
into eras eras with like particular like
personal meanings and stuff to them um
and I can explain some of
them where is the where is my Canon
catalog
folder why is it
missing no seriously where is
it okay I must have put it in the
Starship Pon evil folder folder by
accident
nice
uh anyway here's the Canon catalog
folder or not folder the document
so the the aim of the catalog is to
like I've reconed some stuff from my
discography and so everything that's
Canon everything that's in the catalog
is documented in the this in this uh in
this
spreadsheet
and crucially what you're asking about
is the eras so all of the era all of the
Aras are shown on the side
here pertaining to a specific period of
time um and right now we're in the quick
scope
era it felt out of the blue compared to
your usual content horse inspired
music it is it is still horse inspired
music
though cuz
like not all of these eras are even
referencing like horse things
either
um I don't really know how to how to how
to explain CU I still don't understand
the question necessarily
I I'll try and I'll try my best to
explain what I think may be helpful so
again periods of my music are all
segmented into eras I do this mainly
just for myself like I just think it's
fun it's not super necessary to enjoy
the music you don't need to know it
but um everything has like personal
meaning one way or another so for
example uh the vinyl scratch era is just
because this is when I was still
considering myself Vinyl Scratch DJ pony
right Kari era is is a is a reference
to uh Kari Tuesday by feed
me
um is a reference to this
album
and a lot of the personal history I have
with a lot of lore also usually comes
back to my friend uh Izzy or silver
stripe silver stripe is their artist
name and Izzy is their like name name
what the
[__] I might need to get
that uh
but basically after we listened to colar
TU day me and Izzy together we both
started like categorizing things by like
seafood and I still do that so like my
hard drive here is named
takoyaki which which is a seafood I
think it's octopus balls
and trout Etc some of my flash drives
are named Kari Etc it's just a fun thing
we do and that that tradition started
with the Kari era the with colar
Tuesday um the neon fall era is actually
a reference to like monster cat
visualizers so
like so like things like
this particularly this kind of color
palette uh the neon fall era is
reference to to the monster cat
visualizer and
specifically specifically it's a
reference
to History of Equestria because we
copied the colors for
this and uh there was no album released
in NE onfall era but the next one era of
Twilight um the day we went out to Palo
Alto and I took these photos was like a
very significant time for me I won't get
into it but that's the reason why this
era the era of Twilight exists and why
it exists despite only being one day
long it's cuz like it was significant
enough to me to to have a day a day for
an entire era Ableton ERA this is this
is because I started using Ableton
during this period of time for the first
time and saw era is cuz I got diagnosed
with chronic insomnia which
congratulations to me for still
suffering to this day uh Buffalo phills
this okay this is where the the titles
get a little complicated so post worlds
chapter 1 the Buffalo Phils era there's
a lot to unpack here but it all means
something so post worlds indicates that
it's
like post worlds indicates that this is
like the music I started making after I
listened to like Porter Robinson's
worlds for the first time and
internalized it and I consider that a
really big formative thing for me
listening to Porter Robinson's worlds so
that in itself literally gets its own
like subtitle for for the eras and then
Buffalo Phils era like what the [__]
does that mean well that's because this
is the era where Izzy and I started
going to Buffalo weldings a lot and
Phil's Coffee a lot and we did a lot of
music writing in these places together
we would usually do like we would
usually do like discussion at Phil's
Coffee which is a Bay Area thing I don't
think it exists anywhere else um and we
would actually do production at at
Buffalo Wild rngs because I would just
have my laptop with me and I would just
like actually just produce stuff in the
booth with
Izzy and so it's called Buffalo Phil's
era because in the era of post-world it
is when we started making music at
Buffalo Wild Wings and Phil's Coffee
like all these words mean
something um then post-world chapter 2
the glider ERA this one is
is very is is mildly obscure but
but um around this time period I started
to like Lose My Religion essentially
like I started to stop being a Christian
and that made me spiral into like an
existential
crisis and there's like only one
song I would ever listen to during this
period of time and for whatever reason
it made me feel a lot better and it was
specifically this happy machine remix of
uh yatata glider it's sound like this
[Music]
and like for whatever
reason for whatever reason this was like
the most comforting thing in the entire
universe and it hit me just at the right
time uh it my existential crisis to just
like feel better and so that's why
literally a single song gets the title
of an era because the song mattered so
much to like just staying alive and
being awake and like being
normal um now this is a remix by like
happy machine I don't really know much
about that artist but uh y Yoshino
yoshikawa I think um a couple years ago
we actually became mutuals which was
like so so full circle cuz I never would
imagine that our our our music is so
different from from each other typically
and it's like crazy that we we listen to
each other's music so that's
fascinating um and then comes the big
one cuz worlds was kind of a big one but
like me what I consider the most
formative boundary shifting era is when
post undertale begins because my life
can easily be segmented into before
undertale and after undertale and I'm
not I'm not exaggerating
everything about my life and my art and
everything changed after
undertale
um and so undertale itself literally
gets maybe one of the most significant
eras of like my old
music and I can explain the subtitles so
obviously post undertale means after I
played
undertale and the detention era I've
talked about this a few times in stream
before but not everyone's heard the
story
so at the end of
2015 I went because I went to Catholic
school and this is after I was an
atheist by this point as well so it's
like I didn't give a [__] about about
theology
necessarily um except some of the
theology teachers I had were pretty
chill
um but I'm focusing on like the bad ones
right now cuz there were some good ones
and I'll give them credit but but here I
had a particular ularly difficult
theology Professor who didn't take very
well
to um
anything and uh how do I put this we had
a project or like some homework do and I
was sick for like a week I had a really
[__] bad flu one of the worst flu
I've ever had and I did I did the
homework but I couldn't turn it in CU I
wasn't at school and I happened to come
back to school
right at the turn of the of the
quarter and the average teacher would be
like oh you were sick I get it I know
how to deal with this I can just put a
placeholder grade and then you know fix
it next semester or whatever this
teacher didn't call me didn't email me
didn't didn't give a
[__] and gave me a zero out of a 100 I
[__] failed theology because I had a
flu and I don't [__] fail by the way
I I had I had a really [__] good GPA
I think I was something like I was
something like 3.3 3.5 GPA which is like
not bad I was a pretty decent student I
don't fail
classes I never failed
classes
and and I I talked to I talked to the
school counselor I talked to the
principal and there's nothing they could
do about it my life just got [__] by
this one dude this one white dude
and so cuz I wanted to go to Stanford
that was like the that was like the
university I wanted to go to I probably
wasn't going to make it anyway cuz I
didn't do a lot of extracurricular and
like 3.5 GPA is still not like I don't
know if that's even Stanford qualified
anyway but that's where I wanted to go
and if I had any chance of getting into
Stanford it was all gone because of this
one [__]
dude um and to make matters worse if you
failed a class at the school they would
give you detention
every day for the next entire
semester and so that's what I did I had
detention every day for the next entire
semester it was so
nice
um this was like an Ivy League College
Prep School so they really gave a [__]
about your grades I'll tell you that
this not a public
school um
and it wasn't my [__] fault I was
[__] sick and I was a good student I
had all the grades to prove it they
didn't give a [__] um and
so how do I how do I make the most of
this [__] detention as it turns out
there's a reason why super podon world
2016 is the first thing that really
happens as a result of the detention era
because I had all this [__] free time
to do nothing so instead of just sitting
there and staring at the wall I cuz I
always was diligent with doing my
homework anyway I didn't really miss a
lot of assignments I [__] made music
I I brought my laptop with me and in the
detention room I made a bunch of
[__] and one of the most prominent
things I made there was little dreams I
made little dreams in
detention um and so the detention era a
shout out to everyone who tried to [__]
with me at that
school because uh I made C Party World
2016 out of it I took that I took that
anger I turned it into something awesome
I think
um and so that's why this is called the
detention era I hope that makes sense
and the precidio era is because I went
to a wedding and in the presido of San
Francisco and I don't really give a [__]
about the wedding too much but the
atmosphere was really influential and
like I kind of remembered like the
colors a lot and I took some pictures of
it
and um I don't know it was like kind of
a formative final thing to remember as I
was releasing super P World 2016 so
that's why that's called the Pria era
Bon Chan era I mean pretty simple it's
when Izzy and I discovered bonon Fried
Chicken Korean spicy Korean fried
chicken and it's uh become a tradition
ever
since The Lunchbox era is also tied to
anger at my school because there is this
family that did that they did the the
food cafeteria at the cafeteria and for
the first three years of my high school
they were doing the lunch there and they
were the best they were the best the
best it was like one like it was like
one family or like a group of people who
knew each other like some friends or
whatever and uh was like an older
Mexican family and they [__] knew how
to make the best food in the universe
they didn't give a [__] they just they
they were
cooking
and I I loved eating at school how many
people can say that that'd be like oh
the school food is good how many people
can say that right but then came the
dreaded senior year then came the
dreaded senior year you know the year
where everything's supposed to be the
most fun where you're supposed to have
the most fun because they don't give a
[__] anymore then came the dreaded
senior year and they they the the the
the Mexican family that was working
there was
gone where would where did they go no
[__] idea instead and I'm not making
this up this is not exaggerating the
people who were in the cafeteria were a
bunch of like white people with lab
coats I can't [__] make this up they
were in lab
coats it's like they were running
experiments on us with their like
strange organic food I'm not kidding I
remember them wearing lab coats and they
were like feeding us like strange food
from like containers and like
boxes it's like dude we used to have
like freshly made fullon Gourmet omelets
at this place and now we get plastic
hamburgers and so I called it the lunch
box era because this is the time where I
started to [__] just bring my own
food cuz I couldn't give a [__] about
what they were giving us there I was
just disgusting it was just disgusting
most disgusting [__] I've ever
eaten so uh that's what The Lunchbox
error means and it only lasts for four
songs and nothing particularly like
important I mean sh and canot is like
kind of important but that's
whatever era of the Mercury moon or the
professor era so this is where like my
friendship with Izzy silver strip really
like skyrockets into like being involved
with each other in a lot of our art and
stuff and this refers to a few things so
era of the Mercury moon or the professor
era there's it's a reference to three
things one is mercury it's a reference
to fulminated Mercury which is the song
we did in uh it's not going to show here
because it's further down the line but
uh fulminated Mercury
was here I mean most people probably
know this
[Music]
but and what's funny is this was
supposed to be just a demo for nurture
which is the song that comes before
[Music]
it but we loved the demo version so much
the fulminated Mercury demo that we just
like kept it and it became such a fond
memory cuz it was quoting
uh it was quoting the Myers by the
things
one it was quoting this part in the
mster YouTube
poop but TV does t know how he looks
now differences between what used 50 g
we're only going to use 55 since this
isif time we're using on the sh and oh
yeah one more thing pumpkin why a
pumpkin who this is a squib I'm very
hungry in
two give me the fulminated
[Music]
Mercury and so that's what this is a
reference too
[Music]
me now here's I have to tell you um one
of our Traditions every time Izzy and I
have worked together on a project our
Traditions are to do two things one we
watch a we watch a YouTube poop and then
we watch a Bob Ross painting those are
the two things we would watch before we'
get into the studio and do stuff and so
that uh misters must have been the must
have been the YouTube poop we chose for
that day so so that's where that that's
how that
happened
um and then Moon Moon as just one word
is the only reference here and this is
this is a reference to Pokemon Moon
actually because up to this point I had
not played Pokemon for a while I had not
been involved in Pokemon for a
while um I kind of I kind of glazed over
black and white after I finished it and
I didn't really enjoy X and Y
and so like you know it's it had been
years since I'd really truly been
engaged with a Pokemon game almost 10
years it would seem from this date and
when I played Pokemon Moon I was like
affected in a
strangely emotional nostalgic way um it
wasn't even that good of a Pokemon game
but for whatever reason it did enough of
enough of the things right that I was
like I I it made me really
happy and I remember that as being like
a game that helped Revitalize my
interest in one of my favorite like
Hobbies Pokmon and stuff and then the
last one is also with with
Izzy um the professor era it at the end
of
2016 there is the Stray Cat that kept
coming onto my parents like
porch and at some point we started just
like leaving food out for it and taking
care of it and we started to realized
that it really really really wanted to
be it really wanted to be on the porch
and
then um New Year is
approaching uh there was the a really
big like
rainstorm happening a really big one
knocked out our power a few times and
you know we couldn't just leave the cat
out there in good faith so we for once
in our life let the cat in and we
already had another cat too so this was
kind of like a complication that we
weren't really sure what to do about
we we discovered that um the cat had
been severely
malnourished and was like really [__]
up
and during the weekend of New Year's or
whatever it was uh Izzy and I were
helping to take care of it and stuff
while we tried to figure out what the
[__] we're supposed to do with it
um and we learned through a very
convoluted series of events we called
some animal shelters we called I think
it's SPC whatever and we found out that
this cat actually belonged to someone
like 3 hours south of
us and we were able to deduce that this
random family had this cat drove all the
way over here dropped the cat off and
then drove
away
and everything lined up for us to be
able to actually like save it and take
care of
it we were able
to nurse it to health and get it to a
shelter and then we got information when
they were
reopt and we named the the cat professor
cuz it looked like a witch's
cat and uh it was such a cool memory cuz
like we got to you know got the cat back
to a nice home cat lived didn't die cat
lived so shout out to the cat that lived
I like that cat um and
uh during that weekend as well while
taking care of the cat uh Izzy and I
were like hey let's [__] make let's
see if we can make a whole EP in one
weekend and we were both like how the
[__] we how the [__] are we going to do
that though
it's not like 2013 anymore where we just
put some drums together and call it a
day like what are we going to do how are
we going to do this and izy was like
well you know I've been playing more
guitar and like playing some ukulele and
stuff like let's figure it out and we
did and and like we made an EP in a
weekend and it was called Lotus
EP and uh it was such a huge turning
point in the music cuz it was very
acoustically focused compared to a lot
of other things we were doing at the
time so any anyway um era of the Mercury
moon or the professor era we consider to
be like a very very very important era
for all these
reasons um end of St Tera chapter 1
takamina era well I mean that's
relatively self-explanatory but if you
don't know statera is the one of the
main locations in Mystic Acoustics and
this is when we started like preparing
to you know write and finish Mystic
Acoustics then takamina is uh the guitar
which is I have a I have my own takamina
guitar now as well um but is he had a
really really nice dreadn
takamina and uh we started using it a
bunch in this
era and then era of St Tera chapter 2
the great Electra paradigm shift is very
interesting because during this time
when we were when we finally released
mytic Acoustics we didn't realize it at
the time but this was sort of like the
last time where Izzy is is silver stripe
you'll see them credited in a lot of
things things cuz we work together on a
lot of stuff they were in this years no
matter what for
example um but the great elure paradigm
shift is because when we released Mystic
Acoustics we didn't realize it at the
time but it was going to be like the
last time that bass music was like had
an evolution of some kind up to this
point and that's still True to this
day um in 2017 is when Rhythm sort of
overtook like left field and bro step
stuff as the the primary like Festival
Bass music like festival type genre and
it's sort of been that way ever
since like there hasn't really been a
huge meaningful development on the Bass
music scene since Rhythm if you can call
it that and that was around this time
that that started to rise to
prominence and it sort of signal the
death of like innovation in the genre
space of Bass music like bro step
dubstep you know neuro German base and
and
whatnot so I called it the the the
electro the great the like the great
Electro paradig shift cuz it was the
last time there would would be like a
meaningful evolution in the genre space
however part ofy feels that you could
technically consider like color based
and stuff to be um a meaningful
development but to me that's still just
like Rhythm by
technicality what really seems to be a
potential for is if anyone's heard the
new sizzy album that feels like the
potential future for where base music
could go and that feels like a
meaningful development but it can't be
you you can't really call it a movement
if only one person's doing it
so um Gas Lamp era is just in reference
to the fact that I went to this like
Christmas gathering with with my
Filipino family and uh there was like
this like lamp outside that I took a
picture of it wasn't even a gas lamp I'm
pretty sure it was Electric
but Gas Lamp sounded better and anyway
there was this ASMR YouTube channel I
it's called just gas gas lamp ASMR that
I was like watching a bunch in this
period of time it's very cozy it's very
nice so I felt like this thing's all
kind of lined up for this one mine's era
I mean cassette chapter one is just
because this was like a new era of like
lowii production and then mine's era
obviously just m lines from Alo and
Lotus um pink hyena era is in reference
to I don't know if anyone knows about
this but there was a very very
shortlived hyena OC that I
had let me see let let's see if I have a
picture of
it there was a very yeah it was a very
very short lived hyena OC that I
had and uh I was like I could
technically create an entire era out of
the entire like time period that this
character was used and then never again
so uh so
yeah um Odyssey ER the eras get a little
bit more simpler now cuz more things are
self-explanatory and more people know
what the references are so Odyssey era
Odyssey era is just a reference to home
word which is
a uh an odyssey here of course soft
summer era is like really melancholic
because um also I should mention all of
the color palettes are based on like
photos I've taken or illustrations
related to it and
stuff
um and soft summer era is actually color
picked from a photo I took as well and
the reason why is cuz like this is the
first time uh I had like been out
publicly as was like
trans um I had internalized that in
2015 and then I pushed against it and I
had like a lot of like transphobic
rhetoric because I was scared of being I
was scared of being trans and [__] um
which is a dark time that I can look
back on and remember
but 2019 was the first time I was like
out and there was nothing to conceal
anymore
and it was like strange because I
remember being really happy and like
being really positive about it and it
was like a really soft warm summer like
not an overpowering hot summer it was
like just like kind of kind of warm and
mellow
and um it was melancholic in the sense
that it would be like the last summer I
spent in California without me even
knowing it cuz the Dropout era is when
my parents uh kicked me out and told me
to
leave um and it's called the Dropout
error cuz I dropped out of college and I
wanted to keep going to college but I
couldn't afford it cuz my parents
weren't paying for it anymore and they
just wanted me out
so last winter era is one of my favorite
era titles and the reason why is because
it's the last time I would ever prefer
winter as a as as a
season I've always been a winter
person and this will be the last time I
would ever give a [__] about winter
being like the main thing for me after
that it's spring once you hit 2021 my
favorite season becomes
spring Anon of era or the AA that binds
us should be rather self-explanatory
fish pop self-explanatory era of Shadow
Creek flow self-explanatory in the Bay
of kings and queens um
is a reference to two
things in the bay is a reference to in
the Hudson Bay tag that Pedro did you
know how we do it and Kings of Queens
are a type of Monarch are they
not uh D say the wolf and lamb or the a
of the Eternal hunt
self-explanatory and now we get to the
quick scope era which is why we're even
having this conversation
and the reason why uh it's the quick
scope era is
because once we've this this P this past
like the end of 2024 was like an
evolution for me and I'm kind of in the
process of like deleting my former
self and I'm kind of in I kind of feel
very aggressive about it I don't feel
shy or sad or like contemplative or like
melancholic I'm like I'm like here guns
locked and loaded I'm like we're going
to [__] kill this [__] dude we're
going to [__] kill this [__] cuz
we're so [__] cool type energy like I
don't give a [__] anymore we're we're
we're going to we're going to [__]
we're going to shape this world to our
image type
energy
and um one of the things I've always
been good at was sniping in video games
I am a sniper at heart for every purpose
and it was
it was in
2013 that I started quick scoping I've
been experienced it in it ever since and
one of the things that I thought about
was identity as a person I I think of it
as an interesting gender thing because I
remember the moment I came out I started
becoming like really self-conscious of
like my interests like is this too
masculine presenting enough is this like
to whatever
and now it's sort of like a Reclamation
that's like what if we had Call of Duty
but it's [__]
gay right some [__] like that
and there's the uh um I mean I'm making
a song called my love as a quick scope
as
well and I'll explain what it means in a
second but I can play this little demo
for
you know we do this har just amaz
be advised hostile Lo start
[Music]
inbound one shot one kill [__] reload St
PE your heart to be I'm in love with the
thought of you right to the
be true baby in the I don't want to see
I just want to get some
head and call me shot I don't want to
have a
single
you but if you
me you
kiss deadly force is authorized my love
is
I got you in my sight
I
some
I I
to
feel and like the premise of the song
cuz uh love and pony step is is is a
breakup album except I'm going to let
vid and dub uh actually fix their
problems together which is which is
different from uh how my life has gone I
want to give them a much better
ending um but my love as a quick scope
as
a as a as a premise is like this idea of
like being interested in lots of people
and like wanting to be friends with lots
of people and like giving giving a [__]
about each other and like doing it from
a distance because I have this thing of
like really like wanting to be friends
with someone and but also like staying
my distance cuz I'm just like I don't
want to bother them and [__] I don't
want to I don't want to be that way and
then just people that I could like never
be friends with like people who are too
busy don't even really know who I am and
[__] and so this idea of like um it can
be it can be friendship it can be
romantic love and it's this idea of like
knowing that you have to like stay
away and uh instead of you know
following through with those emotions
instead it's like my love is a quick
scope I'll do it from a distance you
won't even know it's coming type
[__] it it is it is like a struggle with
like parasocial interest is this idea of
a my love is a quick scope and I feel
like that's defining a lot of my life
with how uh well just a lot of things
and um there are a couple things that
the song is entailing but there's like
specifically I don't want to name names
obviously but it's like there's one
person who uh I really respect I think
is a really cool person and uh I've
gotten to talk to them a few times like
in in at length and I was like oh [__]
this is so awesome I really love like
talking to this person like be friends
being friends with them hope we can talk
more and be friends still and then just
like recognize at one point like this
person's like way too busy to want to
speak to me and I can't hold that
against them I can't be like oh you
should talk to me it's just like [__] I
got to live my life I got to live my
life and you have to live your life um
it's like fault of the cloud [__] all
over all over again it's like I guess
the song is just like fantasizing about
being able to have whatever it is that
you're looking at through the barrel
through through the through the
scope and it's like never going to
happen but it's just like that longing
it's that uh it's it's parasocial it's
not healthy this isn't this isn't to
suggest that this is a healthy activity
it's just like how do you consider that
artistically and
so because right now this is the time of
my life where I'm like trying to sort of
I've been a [__] hermit I've been
isolated and a Hermit for like years and
I'm like clawing my way out of that and
trying to like make friends again and
trying to talk to people and trying to
like have a social life um um and you
know the past like the past few months
I've been to a bunch of live shows I've
went out with friends to go do stuff
I've been like hanging out with a lot of
new people and it's like it's like a
huge huge shifting space after I've been
isolated for so long and so it's just
like you know all this stuff culminating
until like the reason why it's a quick
scope is like the culmination of all of
these inhibitions and these advantages
and these changes a lot of negative
change okay a lot of like terrible awful
life-ending negative changes and still
taking them and being like this can be
the greatest thing in the world I just
have to find out how to mold it type
that's that's why that's why this is the
quick scope era is because this is the
year I'm finally taking the shot in a
good way this is a positive thing this
is the year I'm finally taking the shot
I'm destroying whatever was in in an
inhibition before I'm going to do it
with one shot
and uh I mean the other part of his
Nostalgia
um let me see if I can get the uh I have
I keep Pinterest boards for my Hello
Luigi imagine if Luigi got a ler fade
right anyway so I have a uh what is it
we
have Pinterest I have Pinterest boards
for my albums now whenever I'm working
on stuff for like
references um where what am I looking
for sorry I just threw myself off I
can't even think anymore what AM is I
doing love and pony step
nice um I have this this
board of just like stuff that feels like
like uh love and& Pony stuff and going
through this and being like whatever the
[__] this was this aesthetic that was
going on in like the
2000s needs to happen again maybe this
time with more body diversity but it
needs to happen
again it's it's not just friger Metro
it's not just fruar floral it's like
whatever whatever this
was needs to happen
again and the reason why it's been so
downplayed is because let's just face it
uh the world hates
women so the more you antagonize the
World by showing it women the better
things are
and people get mad at it I mean that's
kind of a personal insecurity that's not
your problem
whatever you know people [__] hate
media for
women and it's it's awesome to love
women I I was I was like venting about
this the other day was like I get a lot
of like M musician I get a lot of
musician reals on my Instagram I don't
know why the [__] I watch Instagram
reals she selling the deer when I'm
trying to fall asleep or whatever
I get a lot of musician onnes it is
[__] crazy how just like you'll see
some like normal dude just a normal guy
playing like a guitar about as like good
as me so like very mediocre and you'll
see all these comments like oh good job
nice job keep keep working at it oh wow
you're you're I love your guitar what
are your specs on that thing oh this is
so awesome keep it up buddy and then the
moment you see a woman like on stage
shredding it up as cool as hell by the
way everyone all the comments are like
um this is not really Innovative enough
and isn't really doing anything new like
we've seen this before and like oh my
God this person's such an industry plan
what's going on I don't know who the who
is this you fell off like it's do people
not see this shit's happening do people
like not see that this [__] is happening
do they not realize that they're
participating in this or is this
completely on purpose I have no idea
like every time every time I see a
[__] video if a woman's in it I'm
[__] terrified to go in the [__]
comment
section it's like it's it's crazy
default industry plant also I just got
to [__] say who the [__] gives a [__]
about industry plants if they're a good
performer who [__]
cares I don't give a [__] I don't give a
[__] if someone was like lab tested to
be adored by the public if it's good
it's good who [__]
cares I'm going to I'm you know what I'm
I'm going to go out I'm going to go out
on on a on I'm going to go out on the
side of the road and I'm going to say
that Justin Bieber uh deserved his Fame
I don't give a [__] I really
don't also I rated Justin Bieber's My
World 2.0 five out of five unrate your
music
so that's
real anyway long story
short this everything I just talked
about is what the the quick scope era
entails it is like just absolutely
[__] done with it whatever it is in
your life you're done with it you're
going to 360 no scope that [__] off a
roof and take your own life into your
own hands and figure the [__] out and be
the coolest [__] ever you don't care
anymore and we're going to try and do it
in the most like uncor unmarketable way
possible
so that's the quick scope era thank you
for your question
fror oh see yeah half the hate on Justin
Bieber is cuz he sound like a girl isn't
that
fascinating so fascinating it's
interesting
anyway do do I
know wait was this another
tab do I know my
[Music]
music
Apparition uh not safe in sound that a
working title sugar Bell
nice uh reflected in the eyes of the
cavern look
telephone letters she wrote me i' it'd
be pretty hard to throw me off on letter
she wrote me that's one of my favorite
songs I actually made a hold on I made a
playlist of cuz I have the Violet Pony
top 20 playlist I think there is it P
playlist I have the like the official
top 20 playlists for Violet Pony
music I think if anyone's going to like
look at my music this is the playlist to
show them first unless they want to just
listen to a full
album
um so it has these songs in it and it's
like if I'm presenting my own Artistry
to someone else this is like the
playlist that I'm
showing that said I just made a
playlist
specifically for my own personal
favorite song songs by me regardless of
whether I'm showing them to someone or
not
and
this this this is the actual playlist of
my favorite Violet Pony
songs it is in chronological order
newest to the
oldest and my favorite is having this
this bottom section here
and my favorite part of this playlist
does anyone notice anything interesting
about this
playlist I'll give you a
minute no cutie marks
sad so
true
nice so uh that's where we're
at but yeah I added serpent dance I
actually did this on stream um those few
weeks ago I took ANM off of the top 20
and replaced it with serpent dance
because I'm the realest one in the game
um oh what the [__] I was even try to
play seductive Turtle I just clicked
back on the stream playlist I double
clicked that on accident and started
playing seductive Turtle I'm not
kidding who you rocks you [__] summon
seductive
Turtle why did you do
that it's okay P you can take full
custody of flu flucker shy
the only reason anon's not in the in the
top 20 is because I'm
like I'm just sort of tired of it being
the defining aspect of what everyone
talks about with me I still love
ANM I just feel less and less like
trying to advertise it because it's
going to advertise itself
anyway like ANM is one of the most
important songs to me ever but it's like
so it's like so overplayed
well it's in my Spotify bio because I am
I am the an of the internet so that's
different that's a
title um I think what I do appreciate so
much about ANM is it's actually
something we put effort into cuz like
beforehand like fall of the clouds
wasn't didn't take a great deal of
effort to make um we are number one
certainly didn't take a great effort
great amount of effort to make even
lesbian ponies with weapons didn't take
a lot of effort to make I made that
whole thing in 10
hours um ANF was something we worked on
for months it's like this [__] has to be
as good as it can be and I'm proud that
it's done so well because we actually
gave a [__] about
it Anon might go back on the list
eventually when I'm done being out of my
reactionary phase with cutie
marks it's weird like the more people
talk so positively about cutie marks the
less like cutie marks so I need the hype
to die down die down around it before I
feel more comfortable with it
again is Monarch doing better than your
other albums Monarch is I'm going to
check the stats really
quickly and we'll get on Disco alium
shortly
uh
stats this is going to be weird isn't it
oh wow
okay
so I have
a I'm going to show the list of what
you're what I'm going to show you is the
overall amount of sales so not amount of
money made but amount of like individual
purchases has
made this is currently my band camp list
of all time
purchases Monarch is number three it's
beaten fish
Whisperer this crazy I say Monarch's
doing pretty well and also the
streaming uh the streams are really good
like this is a lot of streams for
me it's crazy cuz I made Monarch to be
like the most unmarketable thing
possible and yet it's doing really
well it's true Mystic Acoustics being
that down is uh interesting but it is
the oldest album on here and it's still
on the list so that's actually pretty
cool if you think about it
I'm also have re actually to Queen of
misfets I don't
really I don't feel very great about
Queen of misfets right
now uh maybe if I'll remake I might
remake the album so I can like it
again
okay uh we we've been been doing the
yapping for an hour I can play the game
now
so we're going to finish theum
today oh yeah queen of mys was inspired
by eigor I've been listening to Tyler
for
years but eigor was the first time I
like was like o this whole album is like
front to back really enjoyable to me I
liked Flower Boy
but it didn't hit me the same way youor
did remaster harer when re remaster
Harper when reactionary era is over
maybe I'd like to remake okay I'd like
to remake all of cutie marks but I I
realized that I should really enjoy
cutie marks in its flawed
State cuz it is sort of
punk in that way I can't say the same
about Queen of Misfits though Queen Miss
is just poorly
engineered not to be blunt or anything
oh I loved chrom
acopia his get is sticky
crazy crazy ass [__]
album kopia is great 20124 was such a
actually I just realized someone asked
me the other the other the other stream
my my top albums
were yeah chrom copia is really [__]
gay
let's see really
quickly this was my this was my top of
uh my top of 2024
Violet and sizzy when we technically
have already we sizzy and I wrote a song
together uh eight years
ago see if I can get
it sizzy and I made this in
2017 I'll be
every
every every
everyon every Pon every Pon knowon every
Pon every
ponon everyon
everyon everyon everyon
every every know everyone every
[Music]
know every
sizzy and I have known each other for
nine years so
it's crazy that uh N9 years we still
haven't technically put out anything
official
together we got it we got it I was just
uh was just with her at at her at her
show in
Portland she had the weirdest [__]
hotel room I've ever seen in my entire
life
I need to stay there sometime even
though I [__] live
here anyway yeah this is my top
10 so yeah
nice the uh Joanna Wong album was like
an unexpected thing cuz I've never heard
anything from her before same thing with
Mami or Mami sorry I always read that
wrong uh I didn't expect to like the
tape her album as much either a lot like
a lot of these are like new artists from
me I I had heard chat piled a year
[Music]
before I guess the Joan Wong the
makami the tap here and the does anyone
know how to pronounce Sam lrc's
name these are all new new for
me I should also mentioned like I don't
just like put my friends releases on my
top ster unless I like actually really
feel like they're in my top
albums and uh these these really do
[__] go
there like it's
crazy but yeah my top three were were
brat the uh the bright future in title
memory
XO but cool oh cool oh
cool oh let's finish this [__]
game I'm
excited oh the don't the the God speed
album is going to [__] kill me if I
even think about
it 2024 was such a [__] good year for
music
dude I just can't believe it we didn't
[__] deserve we didn't [__]
deserve
2024 one of the best who is it someone I
know said that's like the best year in
music since like 1975 or something and I
totally I totally ascribed to that it's
like one of the best years in music
since like
1975 a bold statement that I fully agree
with that's even including stuff like
the early
2000s there's like there's like amazing
music in every corner of music every
genre had like some of its best albums
come out this year
year and past this past year I
mean we got new swans the new Jane
remover the new [__] Jane remover is
going to murder me in my sleep dude the
new Jane's going to murder me in my
sleep j j j is [__]
crazy oh we have we have black midi with
BM BM BM we have jam with JR Jr Jr do I
need to VP VP
VP let me
know let's
go uh Rihanna's amazing she was always
amazing I feel like most criticism
towards Rihanna can easily be chucked up
to racism or sexism
oh yeah the new sound was crazy
too listen last year there were a bunch
of albums I had to wait to listen to cuz
I knew they were going to make me like
so my eyes
out the the godspeed the godspeed You
black Emperor album was like number one
on that list like I have to wait until
the absolute correct time to listen to
this because
I need to minimize how much I'm going to
[__] SOB to this
[__] what I wasn't expecting was I was
like oh well the new the new
um the the new sounds by Jordy GP should
probably not make me that emotional
there hasn't in all the black mini
albums I didn't feel you know that kind
of emotion so it'll probably be fine and
then and then the magician comes on and
and I sit there crying my eyes out for
like a half hour the first time I listen
to it like you stupid [__] white boy
stupid ass white boy why did you do this
to me this was supposed to be my safe
album you
[__] [__] you
anyway the old man stares at the the
reads his face shows no emotion only a
faint Tremor passes over his Fe I like
to Max him I like to I like to cry to
music too it's just last year was so
horrible for me that I didn't feel like
crying any more than I already was
especially when it comes to stuff like
you know the gods B black Emperor album
which you'll cry for more reasons than
one and some of those reasons are going
to be real life consequence reasons is
swaying on the Waves by the duck let we
are done
here the skiff rocks gently under your
waight as you get in the ride back is
uneventful and quiet
but for the sound of conversation on the
water there is someone in land waiting
for you you reach the jetty and climb
out of the
skiff look what the tide brought
here oh I should have saved shouldn't I
oh well it's fine Harry you're bleeding
all over the place you're half dead
whatever this is it is completely
unimportant compared to what you've just
this is the man with sunglasses from the
whirling in rags but where are his
sunglasses that's right and you're
bleeding bothered by it Harry you look
like you need a [__] organ transplant
oh [__] it let's not get into
that we're not forgetting about anything
look at you hello I'm TR hin I believe
we've met on several occasions I'm your
goddamn partner Jean vikar and this is
your special task force for what's left
of it special consultant TR hle Stam
battle officer
J
hi we've come to scrape what's left of
you after pavement liutenant kim ki
prison 57 we've just come from the
island where our investigation led us um
K is his real partner the scene is
making even him feel as though he has to
justify your actions we might need your
help with something later as if he
recall that he's in fact a decorated
police lieutenant and not a multi boy
but this is clearly a departmental
matter so I'm going to leave you to
discuss it among yourselves
it's good to meet you liut
kitagi letting the lieutenant know he
shouldn't feel embarrassed over the [__]
storm that's about to perfall you AR we
want to help you taunt I believe this is
where you come in um I don't quite know
what I'm doing here I was asked to
participate as an expert I think I need
to manage your expectations a little I'm
at best an Enthusiast in cognitive
science my background is in something
else in
I engage in neurology on a merely
theoretical level in fact I should
probably get going no Trant it's too
late you're B of this [__] now what have
you got to say for yourself [__] kid
[__] kid what an interest in Monica you
[__] kid that's you maybe you've
deserved it the cafeteria manager you
[__] over told us where you
went um and uh people on the street
helped us too with your whereabouts
you're a legend among the drunks Harry a
legendary local
drunk guilty as charged I heard youd
lost your mind air on your memory I
wanted to see if it was true and it was
good work Harry you're insane now
there's one less person for me and
everyone else to rely on he was too
sarcastic for you to realize who he was
I'm clinically depressed Harry sorry if
I wasn't in the mood to B you up after
you told us to [__]
off had what coming not recognizing
people you work with every day brain
damage yes I'm khanan I never said I
wasn't Khan
Mikel Mikel is my
son oh
wait wait is that the white man sorry
that's not specific is that the white
man from the from the from the from the
outside the wall I'm not doing a very
good
job is that the white man with his
kid from the wall from Pink voids the
wall wall from Nostalgia critics the
wall holy [__] it's Nostalgia Critic
what are you doing
here I know all about your wall it's so
famous yes the Humpty Dumpty D Center so
he was trolling us and he knew
it no I was just interested in the Feld
building and a Martine Beach head and
Mel wanted to see Martine it was a
coincidence what indeed I was asked to
share my take on some of the more
obscure theories developed in kirstein
in the 30s like partial psychotraumatic
Amnesia group personality
theory he's here to see if you're insane
he is smart let's move
on duped hey here's a brilliant idea
don't be a moreit drunk and you won't be
DED so easily
yes I'm still Kim kagi still a
lieutenant from prison 57 that's all
that matters yeah Major Crimes unit
under du viar ring any
bells refresh your memory it's a godamn
major crimes unit there you me Jude
drawn [__] hiol to and G baby I'm
technically just a civilian adviser oh
[__] you you're part of the [__]
show oh that's an interesting story
actually gam Bevy is a police reporter
who joined our team he was really good
then he left because he lost faith in
your ability to lead the unit other
people I've left too good smart people
people we won't get back only me and
this really patient patrol officer are
still here and Tron because I'm forcing
him to stay do it's a major crimes unit
we clear the desk of cases so pressing
41 doesn't look like the worst station
in town we are [__] TI now Harry Because
Of You the 41st
isn't I don't want to say this is rude
I'm saying it you no my name is not H
faced woman it's Judi minu I was
assigned to your unit two months ago I
thought we were
friends okay we because you're my
commanding officer I I really want to
respect you I want us to have a normal
relationship that will never happen Jude
he's the rudest man on Earth he's the
reason why the rest of us have to take
sensitivity training and I hate
sensitivity training what sensitivity
training where have we been we've been
[__] off as far as I remember you
told us to [__] off you said we're
cramping your style your detective God
[__] every everything all we burn detect
or
die yes you're sorry you're the sorest
cop who ever lived nothing has changed
Harry I've heard this repentance [__] a
million times over the Bells on rinking
because you have brain damage Trant this
is where you come in how bad is it well
he doesn't have visible Tremors he talks
without slurring he can drive a boat
he's standing reasoning all get mind but
complete retrograde amnesia episodic and
semantic meaning you forgot both who you
are and the definitions of money esola
pal and so on as displayed in a station
call our interactions with him and I
don't want to be a snitch but also mine
with him before when Harry did not seem
to know who I was it's all very
interesting interesting yes interesting
I have my theories but I would like to
hear Harry's thought first Harry what do
you think happened to you neurologically
psychologically and why not
socioeconomically that's a very this is
this is a
very this is a loaded question with
loaded
answers part of me really wonders of
it's
three he is he's getting better and I
can confirm that he drank a lot of
alcohol prior to it happening I believe
he drank people do that especially this
one what they don't do is forget their
whole life because of drinking but
detective Vic he has blanked out before
yes a couple of times after some of the
more serious
benders one was after the two drunks
case the other when we looked into that
mural so you don't remember not
remembering beautiful the two cases in
your Ledger the unsolvable case and the
next World mural those were recent those
cases were hard on you interesting so at
first he dipped his toes into it
prepared that's where he would have
gotten the idea yes practice and and
then he used alcohol to get there so to
speak what do you mean well here is my
theory what if this is an absolutely
normal reaction to the world we're
living what if this is not a significant
anomaly at all something to be explained
approach as a defect look at the sensory
input here look at the ruins the neon
listen to the radio the multitudes the
people live here for 40 years as a
police detective he's like a magnetic
reader on the worldy to borrow a known
metaphor Harry's been pushed flat
against it total input hardwired to the
free market we just need it for its end
okay TR thank you that's absolutely
meaningless I'm glad we brought you will
he or will he not be able to work in the
Major Crimes unit is he a cretan now I
want to know that he's not a creton and
he is able to do work if not in his
previous leadership role then as a line
Detective
no one even mentioned that I Mis phrased
my question it should have been he's
able to put his clothes on and use the
body what do we need to get him on the
disability penion now nothing now we're
just going to stand
here no now we discuss that what the
[__] did you do to a m Carriage why is
it there
Harry in the ocean me how could I be POS
possible how how could I be capable of
such a
thing a so refreshing he just admits it
thank you for your honesty thank you for
destroying 45,000 R of Bud's property
that's coming out of everyone's B it
doesn't
matter your badge arry show me your
badge inter a rushed to demonstrate your
badge your eager fingers can't sustain a
grip on the smooth plastic and the badge
slips out of your hand
please you juggle the badge for a second
unsuccessfully and it lands on the
ground some 2 m away ouch you strained
your elbow trying to catch that stupid
thing damn it he found it he found it
John it's his badge and your gun as if
having your badge and gun are natural
States not achievements gun yeah you
don't have that maybe you can
philosophize your way out of
it yeah I checked the local pound shop
you saw the bond Brer aili 9mm pistol to
pay for Booze it worked too didn't it
you're drunk right now aren't you you
[__] bomb I can smell it all the way
over here so you forgot to drink I don't
buy it why do you smell like a corpse
them he's wounded it's been a long week
and his handle an actual
corpse detective please don't startop
talking about your fimon again oh this
is serious if you don't then you'll be
fired this is a hearing tough
enough I don't believe you you're drunk
you let a suspect escape a certain
classier because you were too drunk to
assess a Flight Risk we've read the
report sari L
kagis we know
oh well if she was specially trained I'm
not even going to get into the other
suspect who also escaped yeah Ruby
something or the fact that your ever
Clair's little beion now doing I don't
know what for him that's small time Stu
that's nothing that's a humorous
anecdote compared to the eight people
who were G down the streets are
literally red with blood Harry it was
[__] Mass Riv run he did everything
he could we did everything we could the
company hired and vetted
mercenaries good between them and the
locals he did so at considerable risk to
his person remember he was shot we
stopped an execution not a negotiation
the loss of life was minimal compared to
what it could have been
don't make this harder for yourself
thank you for the
input I didn't mean to suggest you
didn't handle the
situation you've spent the week with him
on this case what is your take on the
case well the drinking the gun losing
also losing the badge that's so true
although he has not been drinking on the
job this week see one Weck then there's
the self flagellation issue he likes to
apologize profusely making it sound like
he's guilty of at least first degree
murder it's not a good communication
strategy for an officer it's it's
worrying especially considering his
political views detective du is as you
may know a mazovian socio Economist he
wants to liquidate the ruling class
which again for a police officer is a
little you should yell
something yes let's let the big boys
talk shut up rck and then there's the
Moto carriage in the sea something I was
not present for but despite all this he
is a great detective one of the best I
have seen in fact he can talk human
beings into telling him everything and
he doesn't stop in all the time I've
spent with him he has not once stopped
pursuing leads however far-fetched and
tangential he is stess madly driven well
except at one time when he stopped to
sing karoke which by the way I have to
disagree with you mrar was a valiant
effort he really sang his heart on okay
he did something other than that one
time he has tirelessly worked on the
case and he solved it we have a
confession a murder weapon and the
perpetrator locked on the island right
now awaiting Transportation he
apprehended a revolutionary brigad who
stayed hidden for 50 years ever since
the revolution who's probably committed
other murders over those
years oh and he also discovered a new
species a new species a colossal
sticking it was on the island
camouflaged as the Reid it unfolded from
the Reids I think we may be dealing with
the insulindian fmin he takes out the
photo of the fmin and shows it to the
officers across the yard the wind blows
flapping the glossy rectangle in his
hand you hear gasps Beneath the Howling
of the wind as you can see it's about 3
m tall in fact we think it may be the
largest land invertebrate ever
discovered [__] hell is that is this
somehow connected to the case
detective the old man was not aware of
the fmit presence exhibiting a strange
atypical dementia he fell into a stupor
after its appearance he became near
katoni so it is
connected I must say this is absolutely
extraordinary it's I don't even have
words for it yes it really does make it
hard to fire the
drunk this is a very very sad man who
has just seen something that's made him
forget his sadness now you make your
case now is the time now or
never lovic
a revolutionary
metronym the Customs started in grat
where they have patronyms covich Lovich
Etc the revolutionaries saw this as a
chauvinist activism so they used
metonyms derived from the mother's name
instead this man's mother was lilan is
Lillian's son lilov the custom was
overturned After the Revolution failed
but not before it made it to rolw so it
is is what a soldier of the ICM would be
called thank you tront thank you for
that piece of cultural Theory you said
you have a motive of course excuse me I
just thought it was
noteworthy you brought him along he's a
smart little cookie let him spew his
information you [__]
guy Jeri I of this Lovich was an old man
to have been hiding for 50 years like 70
something a strange psychosexual fix
aggravated possibly by proximity to the
fmid and its chemicals he himself gave a
political reason said he had killed an
enemy combatant also we have ballistics
from the gun matching the bullet found
in the dead mercenary's head and two
officers on the scene that Mr D
confessed to it's a clean win oh it's
way more than
that
Dora perfect faulting mechanism get over
yourself Harry I can still smell the
booze on the Wind God damn it doesn't it
ever leave it is there like in your
bones or something it will pass in
time female what makes you think so you
had to see it it had the subdued colors
of a female and the nesting Behavior too
I think incredible were there eggs in
the nest not as far as I could see there
were other things there
though actually you know this would
indicate it was a male this is far from
anything in my field but I think such
nests are called Bowers they are for
attracting Ms Bowers are built by males
of the species who can't afford colorful
mating displays physically this one was
plain colored of course as I said I'm
only guessing I didn't see it must be
robust if it can move a whole helmet
with its lenss it could maybe roll it
like a dung
be as in cloning it s what makes you
think so well then it wouldn't matter if
it's a male or female the bower would
just be rudimentary behavior from before
the pathogenetic mutation that makes
sense yes very
interesting such organisms are extremely
vulnerable to disease a single strain of
bacteria could Wipe Out the whole
species we're probably looking at
conservation efforts here in his mind
he's already planning a nature reserve
and knows good guy for
that reaction speed knows how to
reaction speed knows how to stereotype
of white man yes but also readed colored
beige and brown a little green on the
outside after unfolding from a single
Stoke it still retained parts that look
like Reed tfts on its limbs incredible
the pr value of this is exceptional C
discovers New pieces maybe even discover
the insulindian fasit no no that's too
much this would really help with some of
the uh problems we've been having
absolutely this is great this does not
say vigilante murderers to me at all
this is science news human interest you
know it's a really good thing you have
that photo without it you're doing good
here perhaps only for a moment but still
this is a conversation for when we are
no longer out in the open in Martinez
where herart and edar Clair have ears
everywhere and eyes too your return from
the island must not have gone ONN I
understood of course I would prefer not
to partake in anything Union related for
political
neutrality yes yes fallen through a gap
in a boardwalk drunk the body was
transported to Precinct 41 our Mo I had
till Brook and Mullins take care of
funeral arrangements and family stuff
you're not the the only cup in the world
Harry this all comes back to us still
good work with the missing person
detective who's Kuno you don't want to
know you're right l i don't you snorted
the drugs I know you did it's all right
I mean at this point anything is better
the
drink I don't want to but you discovered
the new species and solve the matter so
I have to just good anything that ends
the trial is okay with me agreed the
public relations potential of this is
too valuable to let go okay we have
vehicles in the square and the
perpetrator needs to be taken into
custody let's go the man looks Westward
impatiently jingling his car keys in his
pocket well first I will go back to my
station and write the most detailed
report anyone has ever seen it will have
to be good to cover all these then I
will have a serious talk with my captain
detective we just stopped a small scale
War something is happening to
Rasel I don't know what yet but it's
going to be a hard spring for the RCM we
need to get ready infiltrate investigate
talk to Captain Price price I'd rather
not raffle the feathers of two captains
with my Doom mongering work with
price I'm flattered but I don't know if
I This truly came as a surprise to him
not a bad one but he's at a loss
flattered jul Nagi we would be flattered
if you even considered I would have to
tie things up in g i first but I mean
whatever is coming Jamrock will be more
Central to it than the harbor and we
also have a huge case load no piles that
we need to get back to mountains even I
do like the sound of
that yay he's really considering
it
no you're too unstable to work for mob
boss you're suicidal Harry no mob boss
would take you I assure you I wouldn't
consult for a corrupt
unit working for epic mob boss known as
Bowser I need you to go kill all the
Koopas you know what Bowser this time
I'm really going to do it he would
immediately backpedal out of it us with
the bloody murder station haven't you
heard with the bad guys no one likes us
that's not true Jamrock is too big for
one Precinct you're just understaffed
and everyone respects the 41st you have
Captain Price thank you LOL you're being
kind it is an understaff station and the
district is too big which is why we need
to get back to it we left torsson and
mlan to run the ceiling it's not
good toy price is the son of the old
price one of the founders of the RCM
he's one of the most highly regarded men
in the force you're lucky somewhere
under the curved roof of a former silk
Factory shaped like a ladybird with two
chimneys police Captain patony Price
sits behind a heavy wooden desk resident
medic Nix gotle pours him coffee it's
silent in the captain's office they
speak of change the city the tension on
the streets they speak of the events of
April and the blood on the streets in
May ma the Torso torson and Chester mlan
they're not fit to run believe me things
are shaky as it is they are AR damn
iconic though torsson and
mlan yeah not like us twoo clinically
depressed old man where's the contrast
here God the four wings Harry a b c and
d we're in Sea it's made of losers and
clock punchers you and I
reconceptualized it as a task force it
was a mistake there's also a lot of
outside help involved not only me other
losers too other losers too
so he remembers that yes there may have
been a ROM some Churches it wasn't good
press shooting up churches never is I
was out of town to be clear our enemies
were hiding in a church to the best of
our information that's it I'm not
talking about this anymore your security
clearance is [__] chair right now you
have to wait for it to go up you
clearance will not go up while you're
within air shop of the Union
headquarters okay it's not the blood
murder station it's an old converted
silk Mill with green Des clamps and a
Coffee corner a lot of good people work
there hard every day Jamrock is the
largest ghetto in riversa foror
technically but uh it's divided into 11
districts Jamrock only as us the Press
will blow over Jamrock is lucky to have
you and it's often considered to be the
greatest of the districts you're lucky
to have it thank you again LNO
who are you you're a gym teacher Harry
well obviously you're not a gym teacher
anymore about before you were a cop you
were a gym teacher in K it's getting
really cold outside should we
maybe hurry it explains everything the
running around the jumping the bicep
girth your inexplicable facial hair the
fact that you don't seem to know what
homosexuality is and your moves on the
church floor which honestly were just
jump Arrow be also this guy just
everything about this guy and this guy
too oh God contact Mike of course
contact Mike he's been on about Mike
again I hate that
guy how does how does how is everything
so
relevant oh you don't say does he also
vault an impassible girl of finance and
privilege it is it is getting called
out in your 20s or late 20s you've
really let yourself go since then yes
you tell Jim in Co I believe that's the
term tell jym at a high school you were
a high school gym teacher the smell of
sweat and glue the worn floorboards Kuro
is just east of jamro it was a short
walk every morning to the baseball field
all the sports building High School
Harry your going on with Kuno Andre Asel
the whole thing on the ice that's why
you are so juvy juvy his smir suggests
barely contained laughter the regular
you found some Chi she inspired you to
fight the big fight be more than you are
hold that you every morning walking from
Voyager Ro to teach
Jim she leaving for the Academy with her
spring coach on the air filled with the
smell of smok and raspers and incredible
hope an ocean full of hope I knew it I
knew no normal human being can run like
that he's a nest to God gym
teacher it's not a mystery some [__]
[__] you over also you were drunk you
really went with it too really maximized
the damage yeah Dora ingland I think not
Dora the what no one is married anymore
this is
rol God I don't know 6 years ago she was
way before my
time yeah or seven you're not doing too
good there it's an old man thing two old
years equals one noral year that and dor
andalon really tore you a new one a big
one incredibly bangable huh she was
extremely [__] Harry gorgeous a
gorgeous Bourgeois woman W fish like a
welin basically snow wel blonde welome
pain welome I've only seen a picture but
it's obvious you formed a real spirital
connection with how pretty she was one
you never recuperated from look the Sun
is going down it's time to go home Jud
know what's up I think she D in The
Academy di east of the river way
hard to say which came first the middle
class Chek or the drink egg and the
chicken kind of thing my point is you
need to see a psychiatrist about this
[__] not a psychologist several degrees
order is there something harder than a
psychiatrist a forensic psychiatrist
good talk to that in other words he's
heard enough about this who is
Lena well good luck finding her once we
get back she and her husband were
conducting the search for the fmid it's
their Discovery in part I'm sure we'll
find them they should know as soon as
possible it would do you good to deliver
some positive news for a change
good [__] it let's go Trum brought is
Mother Carriage it's a 20-minute drive
to Jamrock under the evening Sky the
great District turns on its lights a
chess board of wooden houses 880,000
living Souls inside fire traps as far as
the I can see from Main Street to
Precinct 41 at top the motorway to
Boogie Street forking into the dark
Horizon you close your eyes and hear the
dogs bark a lone woman sits by a factory
window dreaming of Mite strikes on rud
Des sjon a square bullet slides into a
square shaped chamber an Old South that
doesn't sound very aerodynamic Smiles
spring has come it's time tson yes
mlan yes idolan no
vicm yes
DEA yes really Nick Scot Le looks out
from the list I hear he's unstable you
say that like it's a bad thing Captain
patom Price gestes with a ballpoint pen
it's dim in his office and the curtains
are drawn Harry's our man he'll pull
through when he does he'll side with the
people understood got Le returns to the
list Min of course wonderful then can we
please just go back to Jamrock now
he doesn't want to leave his boyfriend
[Music]
well hell yeah
that was the that was the game of uh
that was the
game p out the credits
scoll uh I think my playthrough was 43
hours now I can let my see myself see
all the spoiler [__] that I've been
avoiding so this game came out what 2018
and then it got a final release in 2021
or
something like the game was really
good I really I really love uh
yeah it's a relatively old game as far
as I
know 2018 wasn't that long ago right
yeah only 7
years um
2014 is 11 months away
correct I I really I'm again I'm really
glad we did
the the uh The Voice act or I'm really
glad they did the the Final Cut version
of this game because the voice acting
let's here's the voices by the way now
what what what that's the same person no
no no no no no
no Kuno and Jean are the same
person
what what
what do you
mean holy
[__]
oh okay in the Final Cut Kuno has a
different voice actor
okay
okay okay okay that makes more
sense it's like I couldn't imagine it
oh my God insulin and fazin and the pale
latitude compressor have the same voice
actor oh there's a few voice actors with
the pale latitude
compressor hey I was about to say yeah I
play the racist Lori
[Music]
driver I don't know how to put this but
like this might sound insane but this
game felt so short for what it
was not in like a bad way like this
definitely needed to end here
but the ending came so suddenly to
me not like there isn't enough content
and not enough stuff to do it's just
like damn
um yeah again I was saying I'm glad we
did the the Final Cut version because I
cannot imagine playing this game without
all the voice acting it's part of what
makes this game so incredible as
everyone feels so fully realized even
the most throw away even [__] racist
Lori driver has lore
dude even a racist Lori driver has
lore um
um it feels also very hard to get like
proper um plot twists it feels very
difficult to get proper plot twists in
games anymore like no one need no one
tries
anymore and the last game to really
surprise the [__] out of me was God of
War which came out the same year I think
the original 2018
one um oh no was it was it 2018 one or
was it
the oh no it was Ragnarok was the one
that did it for me that was just a
couple years ago
um this game actually
nailed how honest people actually
are um and one of the other things I
love about this game is how it it shows
you like no matter what side you take in
anything there's always going to be a
like a [__] show
it doesn't matter who you're supporting
everything's going to suck
anyway like there's there's horrible
people in every corner of this
game which is also kind of
real but like the
[__] the iny Indian
fazin the this game this game presents
you with so much like
stuff that makes you roll your eyes like
oh yeah sure the doomed the the the
doomed commercial area sure there's a
curse or whatever I believe you you know
[__] like that like you're people are
saying all this [__] to you like you
roll your eyes just like yeah whatever
sure say say your thing and then the
pale and the pale explanation happens
I'm like oh
that's interesting that's different and
then
and then more like Supernatural stuff
happens very
lightly
just I just can't believe it's
real I didn't think it would happen I
didn't think it was
real and it's like they do such a good
job of making you roll your eyes at the
concept like yeah sure it's
[Music]
real war
there are parts of the game which are
just like really uncomfortable and like
[__] that makes me like really annoyed
but at the same time
um it's not like everyone in this game
is a role model or anything so it's
uh kind of like that I
guess I was just thinking recently about
uh Lisa the
painful and how it's like you don't
really you don't really play
Lisa unless you're like ready to be
offended by
something like Lisa is a game that's
like lab tested offend every type of
person in the world I think but there's
like so much value to it so it's like
question
mark like Lisa is like every phobia
every phobia you can imagine and yet
somehow it's it has it has a lot of like
value as a game and a really good story
it's it's interesting so disco Elum was
weirdly reminding me of like Lisa cuz
like everyone's [__] everyone's a
[__] weirdo in this game
[Music]
too I think the thing with offensiveness
is is is if you can gauge someone's
intentions not if something it's
offensive and you think that it's
because it says something about the what
the person's actual intentions are then
I mean there's there's reason to not
find Value in
it but anyway what's what's the
collage how do I place him
where is
he this is so
funny the pale consuming collage
mode what
what oh it's a
filter
huh do you have to unlock these or
something
okay sure
bro I'm curious really quickly because
there is the
you could create your own
here I
see playing on ra on on random would be
very
funny dumb as a rock
yeah I was play I was pressing the place
button and it wasn't
working see
this drag character at the
bottom how
it's like it's like saying it's there
but it's not it's so
weird yeah
whatever it's not like it matters I was
just very curious about
it okay yeah but yeah that was a really
really good game
the
stretcher sorry
um so I was curious um I was thinking of
maybe playing uh Red Dead Redemption 2
next or if there's something else
everyone thinks I should
play cuz I I'm I'm going to make a
regular thing out of this
it's so it's all a part of not isolating
myself yeah Red Dead Redemption I I
think is a is a is going to be a really
really long ass
game this is so it's
okay red Red Dead redemptions 2 two is
on the list slay the princess
uh I don't want to play aori because it
it's it feels
slimy to say the least
trying to think of some other things
too because the thing is I have uh I'm
running on a Mac right now play
SpongeBob Battle for Bikini Bottom I was
doing
that
um um my main machine is a Mac I have a
windows partition on here and then also
so
uh I have a PlayStation
5 so it sort just depends on what the
game is and where I'm playing it a
really Graphics intensive heavy games I
can't play if it's Windows only I have
to run it on PlayStation or else it
won't
work oh we ran a we ran
a black Mesa all right
apparently you can play uh I think Eco
and Shadow for the Colossus through
stream through streaming I haven't tried
that before so I'm curious about
that let's close this really
quickly more like Zach Mesa
already said no to
amori um I'm kind of open to playing
anything really like any kind of video
game uh I actually haven't finished uh
what's it called
inscription I haven't finished it for a
spoiler reason because it's something
that happens in the
game hypnos Space Outlaw I was playing
and I didn't finish that either I liked
it though it's just a lot of
information hypnospace Outlaw reminds me
of disco elesium because it's like super
expository but disco elesium does a lot
better of conveying this information I
think outer wild is on my list I have
it play soliter maybe I
will what if I play a real video game
I was playing uh I've played Hollow
night I could play Hollow night
again space
pinball Bacher I keep hearing a lot
about
Bacher but I don't know anything about
batra just it's a card game
um yeah I've never played CEST before
guys oh this one really confused them
Doom games I was uh I played the Doom
2016 I really loved it I started playing
Doom Eternal but it was super hard um
but I saw the uh the Doom what's it
called
the was it damn Dark Ages was that
it that sh looks
crazy new Doom is really good
though oh did this position really
[__] him up we can claim victory in 70
seconds
like here's the thing I I love uh you
know older video
games uh my favorite all of my favorite
games are SNES games and a lot of the
times it's like a lot of older video
games just did everything better but
I'll never be like I'll never uh not
give flowers to a new reboot or
something that like does things
correctly and my my thoughts
like there are lots of remake games that
[__] suck I mean I used to play Star
Wars
Battlefront and then the Battlefront
remakes are awful or
terrible but like
um the Doom the old Doom games were fine
they were great they were very
Innovative and then oh they came
back
um okay now what
oh no black black is back in the the
last 10
seconds this the I don't know
this this this block this that' be fun
actually I bait this out so no no pony
hopping go here look at this
um anyway like the new Doom games are
incredible I think they should be giving
their flowers for
that like if you're going to do a remake
or a reboot and it's
good that's a rare
thing now this is bad right because
cuz of that that's that's not a movement
that can happen because of this um we'll
just
Castle yakaza
um wait I meant to defend that didn't I
yeah the
Dooms
hello that is not good none of this is
good or is it maybe it is who
knows I don't know anything about fable
I've played the only o game I played is
Yak is a
zero which I need to play the
others Yakuza is a game that's
technically not long that the games in
the series are technically not
long but they are very long
oh I have played the metal gear sols but
I'd love to replay
them I played them a long time ago
though Zelda Twilight Princess is the I
was going to come out and say it um
Twilight Princess is better than Ocarina
of Time and better than Majora's
Mask so
as nostalgic of a person I am I'm also
I'm also a
realist this this was not a good
idea that's never that's never
happening this Pawn being gone is not
good I could do this so let me think
about this for a
second death straining is a okay
actually death straining is a game I've
been avoiding playing for a bunch of
obvious
reasons but I think it might be time to
try playing death
stranding that's never
happening Dam this this pod was kind of
integral wasn't it
I just like gave it
up unless
is I'll try
it I feel like a lot of people probably
hate it because they it wasn't very
clear what the game was supposed to be
and then when it came out it really
wasn't what everyone was thinking it was
going to
be okay they
again I think enough time has passed
that it's easier to evaluate it for what
it truly is rather than what you wanted
it to be cuz I remember
sitting sitting uh in high school in the
cafeteria with my friends I mean like
talking about theories about death
stranding and death stranding didn't
come out until years after I had
graduated high
school and then when it finally came out
it was just like not something that
not not what we
expected but maybe there's value in
it so I might I might give death string
a
try someone love death string like a
newborn but it couldn't be the newborn
that's in the game do I do the abortion
screen
any super giant game I could I could
play Hades
again I wouldn't
mind easy game play poo
baddy baddy no no
no abortion jump scare
what is
this what was the abortion screen about
yesterday I didn't get the joke the joke
is just
abortion not only do we uh love not only
do we love pro choice but we love uh
recreational abortion
wait why did I do that
you know what I'm really excited about
is
uh losing this game no
um I'm not trapped I have this square
but that's not a good Square it's not a
square anyone
likes I'll
threaten what I'm excited for is
actually Civ 7
from look I got the Civ 7 stuff it looks
like it's going to be Civ 5
too cuz they're bringing a lot of Civ 5
mechanics
back Sev seven good one Joe Fitzgerald
Fitzgerald okay they didn't like
that can we keep it going everybody say
sausage keep it
going uh are we castling today yeah
there's a SI
seven after how many
years we could do that right that's
actually just a free
Pawn cuz this this is a d this is double
and kind of nice and then just does this
again why not
the
[__] what's this all
about that's not a square anyone likes
to
fear but yeah I was looking at the oh
[__] I don't know why I didn't do that
it's kind of
silly when I could do
this there still plus
two
um nothing defending this one
now now I've blocked my queen I don't
know where else to go
um cuz I I've been playing CV since I
was very little it's one of the first
games I've ever played okay that's a
nice pin nice nice
peny
um this this is just this is just no
good
yeah I mean the Civ SLE and girls her
Wizards is from Civ 2 which is the first
save game I played cuz it was set up in
my parents computer and
[__] we can get out of this pin but for
what that doesn't do
anything that doesn't do anything
this that is never happening cuz I just
freeze this up again I kind of want to
exploit that
but am I in the position to look at this
for whatever reason I don't think
so cuz this this is all all fine in
Dandy so this bop basically is just a
pain in my
side which is nice
what does this
do do I like
that there is an idea
to look over here and get that Rook for
push the king out far enough but that's
that I don't like it
I'll just I'll just Connect Four maybe
oh well there's
this Here's a thought if I go here here
here I mean that stops this whole
battery from being interesting maybe but
I'll try and I can check but it doesn't
check doesn't do anything
cuz King will just go here and I can't
take this cuz King's there um was that
what I was expecting cuz I go here
that's that's not a check that's
happening probably here instead or
here does this that's not
protected so I don't know
that was like a million per not the move
I was thinking they were going to do why
is that move so
interesting cuz that's never that's not
happening
ever
uh I don't know this is this isn't
real okay
but then that's Tech and can go there
still if I get a free I can
start I could start as sadistic toi
would say start munching on the
candy so maybe I'll do
that this this bishop is very very
sad oh that's we can do that but then we
can do this goes
here pawn and then
Pawn I mean I don't
huh oh I just realized that this these
two are looking at each other now um I
could I could
uh we want to move this don't we no we
don't we can do this
oh everything is a question
mark just this is not this is not a fun
idea that's
happening I could do this
I don't
know I think ay
this to stop this from happening and I
can still take these
so I don't know why they're expecting a
queen trade as well when I'm down I
don't know why I would I would agree to
this okay that's what's that
Teck what is that doing if I go here
there's no white
Bishop that's protected that's fine what
can they
do
oh they want
that cuz this this is
allowed so maybe
the maybe we're going here
because if I go here and check from here
let's say these two ponds are now here
and we can still do this and there's
that's that's
fine I lose
this once I lose this what do I
do do I keep hiding or do I
Counterattack is
a it's a thing cuz that's free kind of
sort of not
really and then after I think we
continue hiding cuz this this battery is
a
problem yeah we
do yeah I see a time I'm taking too long
so after this I need to just keep moving
I think this can then there's some Fae
Castle going on here and then I can
start retaliating potentially that's not
what I was expecting to block off their
[Music]
own BL block off their own
Rook
huh what am I missing what am I missing
here I need to not I don't have time for
this what does this what does this
mean oh that would make sense sort of
right can't go here well we can't go
here we can't go
there I mean
that's I'm losing that instead of this
one it's kind of the
same wait cuz I if I go
here that's just a this is a dance
if I go here again they're just going
to R over here but now that this that's
not an immediate thing I'm wondering if
I could get that to work I'm just going
to try it I don't I don't have I don't
give a [__]
anymore okay it's that
one now I have a view of this I
guess now
what what is
this these
[Music]
two this is just a terrible terrible
misfortune one day
Jesus One Way
Jesus oh there's that of some
variety well there is this too okay
that's that's what they that's their
aim this again
I have 30
seconds I can't go
there this is a
[__] 20 seconds to just play like [__]
we got
this not
nice not
nice oh I don't know what I'm doing
anymore I don't know why I thought that
was a good idea
I think I think they just win too much
pressure not rematch don't do
that some days you forget how work moves
[Music]
um
okay sure
Lieutenant kitaru would know what to
do yeah this is the this is the Pawn
King I do that that's uh then has to
move
so I'm kind of trolling
them ever so
slightly just do that castle along and
then
there's I mean that's fine right
always take check for the m
games I'm the smartest cookie in
town I can that's that's free I
think and then
and then
what what am I cooking this
evening maybe
back maybe just go
back blue square is fine I mean black
Square it's blue for
me
okay uh
the fork of the century
maybe it's also this going
on I wasn't
okay I accepted that
these pumps are quite annoying though I
will
say is that that way
BBE that's not protected anymore but as
soon as they Advance
this but that's fine
still that's not protected by anything
so they
wouldn't now what would be the cuz this
is a that's a check
as well they could just push this that
that's not happening so it's fine
right okay they didn't want to do that
um
maybe this
well that's not good for them is
it this is defended in this
way I don't
know this Pawn really should stay here
cuz there's all this trickery going on
over in the G
file I'm seeing this problem here
there's nowhere for this bishop to
really go except
maybe here while the queen is here and
then this moment the queen has to go
somewhere else it's kind of a it's kind
of a a scary scary thing behind the
wall I
might TR try that though
there's something attractive about this
if these two are looking at each
other
okay now why wouldn't that be
free I do this that comes to kick but
that doesn't happen
so that's free oh no it's not I just
realized I'm under Tech that's why it's
not free
colors are so
subtle okay now now it's not free
because of this that makes total sense
actually so if I do this they they have
this is one two three over
here
uh do I do this close off this for
me no idea I be the
Thinker here and assuming this is here
can't really get over get over there so
that's maybe
fine could do this now
maybe cuz if I could get this
here that would be funny but
they'll probably just
[Music]
oh now I can take this
right then they can move this here do
that but I feel like that's
fine I don't
know I move this I can't take those here
but that just leaves this for being free
I don't
know okay that's not that's not their
prerogative now let looking at this um
we just fine I'm up four I don't mind
that I
think so if I don't fear it
nice almost Mouse
slap still up four
I have a Discord server it should be in
the description
now it's not on the Discord server but
there is
one I don't even remember where I post
it oh you can go to my
Trixie Lully
moon.com and it should be
there um
that could be
incoming I don't know if I really this
is this is a whole this it's all backed
up over
here this these two are are putting in
the work though
um maybe just a waiting move
here that's
I don't
know what is a logical move
here I could start stacking
these
um why not
something here they want these together
I don't
know I mean that would that would be
nice
this would be nice for me I don't know
if they're going to do that but and even
though they're not doing that okay
they're not doing
that so that's a
battery but it doesn't really do much
does it
I do this to defend this this
way Queen
last oh that's the
move
um this is not a Pleasant area to me I
don't think
kind of want to complete this stack
here power move some
kind I feel like almost anything they
can do is just going to hurt themselves
but I don't
know might open this up cuz
this this might be kind of
scary it's all
open I am up five
though this should be winnable but I am
an idiot as we
know
ID okay that's covering this they don't
they don't want me on they don't want me
there but I can still do this
and freak these two
out if I go here Quin moves here still
defends this
one then what do we
have I go here Queen
here and we really don't have
anything I'll try it but I feel like
they're going to go there
but I can go
here [__] up the stack but we start
attacking this when we get the queen
somewhere I could go here now that's
something no it's not I mean one day
take
this this is
undefended was
that yeah I
know wait what was this move doing I
don't remember what I was doing with
this what does this mean
I'm the professional at losing a
time uh that's open no it's not I keep
saying things that are untrue holding
you right
think after this new get able to open
we'll do some funny
business potentially what's all this
then that's
defended I'm kind of the loser today I
can
pinless that's
something are we on to something or are
we on to
nothing I'm on to nothing I didn't
realize
that it's still pined but there goes my
advantage
what was I
thinking I that's incoming
but if I the idiot I might
be why did I not see that all
right this is why I'm not a this is why
I'm not a a grand dummy
I'm I'm just swinging it all right now
I was on time whatever oh
good
um
damn I'm without my
I'm without my my emotional support
twink now everything's falling
apart what we
doing uh you know what Tracy sent me is
uh she found
the Call of Duty Black Ops 1 gun sounds
now where is that there it
is let's go uh let's put this on the
folder
oh thanks reloading sounds are so
nostalgic
oh the
Famas such a unique
sound is that the Pack-A-Punch version
nice I have the Black Ops 2 weapon
sounds but let me see if I can find the
them in a folder
Black Ops 2 weapon sounds remastered I
don't know if I like the sound of
remastered unless it's
just let's let's
see uh
let's
see I don't I don't know what I mean
what don't know we
remastered if it doesn't sound like the
actual one that would be very sad
will be the
judge that's nothing that's that's not a
file what is this
for oh it's a it's a mod pack oh I
didn't even realize I wasn't even
looking all Black Ops 2 original
files question
mark sounds oh these are all mod things
again too
damn
just weon sounds yeah it's all it's all
just like mod files I can't actually
find find the sounds I mean I have a
YouTube video with all the all of them
in there but you know it's more useful
as a folder that's
fine it is what it
is um
cuz here's at least the video I
have let's
see TAC 45 super iconic where is the BR
the B23R yeah that
thing does anyone does anyone old enough
to remember when everyone was like this
is like the most OP pistol they've ever
released in the game it's like they
didn't even know what's to come where
every like every game was going to have
like a fully auto handgun at some
point executioner this one has at Le 2B
reload if I remember
yeah cuz the capat 40 wasn't nearly as
overpowered as like some of the other
full auto
ones Andre these are all so good
sounding the reload the the way there's
like that slight resonance when it
clicks out when the magazine clicks out
is so
like that's so
good the cool thing is like the sound
design for Black Ops I wasn't realistic
like it didn't sound like an actual like
gun or anything it sounded super super
unique and I like the compression they
used on the sounds too
T25 has that really Hollow
swampy least favorite gun in the whole
game but it has a nice reload
animation oh that one too it's like it
says it's a FAL but it looks nothing
like
one
iconic M27 I mean this is my main AR in
Black Ops 2 I think that's most people's
main
AR cuz the the Scorpion Evo is an SMG
right scar was very unwieldy but it was
good oh my God I forgot about the SMR
are we going to have the Peacekeeper in
the SMG section there there's the
superior
burster like none of that [__] [__]
from
earlier fake
AK-47 the a94 actually the a94 was like
[__] cracked in this game I don't
know if anyone remembers but like if
someone had
an94 that was like basically the one to
have this [__] was so overpowered like
did head shots like nothing even an iron
it's like has such overpowered iron
sights
too oh MP7 my beloved my beloved most my
most Bel MP7 this thing
Ru oh the PDW oh oh the
PW this thing was the best it's it's got
the
yeah so classic love it love
it damn I forgot how
like yeah can we do the PDW again real
quick
just so clean so clean
so good the vector is great this was the
[__] this is this was the this was
all the good SMGs were in this
game yeah I had diamond for
snipers okay this was the only mid this
was the only mid SMG I think the shik
this thing [__] sucks
it looked cool at least but it [__]
sucks and then there's the and there's
everyone's favorite the Scorpion
Evo this thing was unacceptable who who
let this thing into the
game this thing was a laser and it sh
like the RPM on this was just
unacceptable and like even just the
default reload speed
we we love to see the Christmas noobs
with this one we love to see the
Christmas noobs with the Scorpion
Evo oh that's right the
Peacekeeper Peacekeeper my best
friend was the DLC the DLC
SMG it was such a big deal it was such a
big
deal
yeah I was never a shotgun
user S12 was a little a little good
though oh that was
a very satisfying
reload oh
nice ooh that's so nice
oh it's right this
way such a crazy
design oh the [__] KSG this was the
one this is the OG Olympia
before modern Olympia in like modern
warfare games or something
[__] KSG
dude that's you know what this was
probably the most like rage inducing of
the shotguns in this game and yet you
still love it you love to hate it you
hate to love
it we we love the lmg reloads
forgot about this one I also wasn't an
lmg user
but and the elsat was the one I did use
when I was using an lmg
I mean yeah you were you were going to
use these if you were in Zombies that's
for
sure oh yeah the
hammer this was kind of a weird one
reminded me a lot of a
scar okay and now on to the only guns
that actually
matter starting with the worst possible
sniper rifle in the whole
game I mean this thing killed it in
hardcore but in normal gaml this thing
[__]
sucks there it
is now
this this this this was a gun that only
real people
used this is the best sniper rifle in
any [__] video game that has ever
been made and only real ones pick this
[__] up everyone else was too scared to
only real ones knew how to wield a
[__] DSR
nice and there's the ballistas next yes
yeah ballista there we
go this one's for the more mobile
it's either between the DSR and the
ballista and the XPR [__] sucked
too like was
useless another rocket launcher is
interesting
choice conveniently
ignoring interesting
what I will say though see if I can get
a my PlayStation up real
quick something that because I wanted to
go try out Black Ops 2 G on my steam
steam deck My Stream deck sorry or is
steam deck whoops I have a steam deck
and a stream
deck uh
I have to turn on my mon my audio
monitoring
uh so like I I
like do appreciate about the newer games
is the animations are super
good something we take for granted now
is how fluid the movement is
because
uh like these animations
are kind of
crazy yeah they are up to
six I I do love these animations a lot
and I love especially the
pistols there a lot of life in them
which is funny to say for games where
you kill people but
we're running uh where's my I do have
gold on on this
one working my
way how am I missing Point
PL yeah I did see the AI generated SL
I'm trying very hard to avoid it
I think a lot of mass produced games are
just going to be including
that
but yeah the squid game skin so funny
thing is they keep Auto equipping it I
keep changing it back but they keep Auto
equipping it it's so
annoying it's so
annoying uh I've been like feeling very
uh spaced out today so I might play
something and see what happens I don't
expect to do super well
cuz cuz I'm I'm just spaced out today
you could tell you're my speech
pattern
um but when you have like ones like
these this one's from the battle pass I
think
uh the animations they have for these
are super fun check this out
this [__] looks like the battle
pass we do the uh what was the one I had
where is the this
one this one the animation for this is
uh check this out
and the tracers are
rainbows what is this game I don't know
it's a good
question I'm not going to play this the
whole stream I'm just playing a couple
cuz cuz it is the quick scope
Arrow oh Play No sniper this
one team
death let him have it Black Ops they
didn't stop the game from standing
cheesy as
[__] nice
thanks the fact that you can dolphin
dive in a direction is kind of crazy
though
I'm like completely out of primary
ammo and
standing this is Avenger Target wvr
weapons okay well that's that's 13 kills
no
deaths UAV established over
mve
down I think they're just really
bad don't let this be a reflection of my
actual gameplay I think they're just
bad tank
that's ours I
am they're still in their hard scope
areas I'm not even using a sniper rifle
down
UAV UAV commanding Sur balance operation
Avenger 16 DEC conflicting
UAV I don't know why I'm Scout pulsing
when I'm all the way over
here I wasn't
thinking thanks for the work UAV
overflight terminated
got wor
I got it for $50 they it was already on
sale for me I'm not
kidding I can't read
that was 50 on the digital store like I
don't even have this game okay oh
someone's got their quick scope on I
should have I should have looked at the
kill
cam UAV that felt like a quick scope I
didn't see the glint but
UAV fuel check
50% [__] [__] [__] [__] [__]
[__] I'm I'm pissed I'm pissed I'm
pissed good
job I really wanted the tomaha kill so
bad
I wanted it again I wanted it again I'm
greedy
yeah I wasn't sure how to feel about the
zombies for this
game I tried to do the tomahawk again I
don't even have
one my [__] controller Lo us it said
stop shooting right away
rcx rolling
out oh I got it cuz it's on
Wheels okay Archangel make a noise fair
enough yeah this I'm on controller it
might look like I'm on mouse and
keyboard but this is just how I play on
controller i' I've been playing games
for a long
time I've always played on Max
sensitivity
if you get good at playing Max
sensitivity it doesn't even matter
anymore cuz I'm also cuz this is
crossplay so I'm playing against people
who are on mouse and
keyboard does not does not hinder
me not that this is a hard game or
anything
but that's right you sh the
CIA us M with the diggers get your ass
buried
what's
good it's
me that's when I ran out of ammo I could
have gotten three in a row there look
you can do the Black Ops guy pose here
comes the Black Ops guy pose see isn't
that nice
stream with the top five videos filter
on this thing is nuts by the way this
this is
the this is the Scorpion Evo of this
game cuz why is this a [__] laser
it's an SMG do you see this recoil
control how is this
fair oh the
lag like this thing is just it's a
laser how is this
allowed tiberious would just use an
lmg okay now I'll quick scope and I'll
do significantly less good
probably but it's because this is how
I this is how I play nice with everyone
else cuz I'm too good normally so I have
to knock myself down just a little bit
SEC the OB lag in the range is
crazy haveed
the I have been out I've been out gooped
hard point lock
down that was a hit marker we've taken
control sabling Black Ops 6 death mics
fun fact I turned it on and I didn't
hear
anything I they were in my sight come on
you're losing this fight
okay quick scoping like a whole
different game of Call of Duty I have to
actually like
readjust that wasn't even a quick
scope hostiles have captured the point
damn this thing is
slow hostile UAV established
overhead enemy UAV inbound hos Counter
UAV established above
my f was my fav was Black Ops
2 hard point
is hostiles have the
hardpoint enemy C UAV inbound hostile
UAV established over
red sh I thought I had my stem
on enemy UAV
inbound hard point is
secure hostile Counter UAV established
above hostile UAV established overhead
hos have captured the hard point enemy
harp operational above
Modern Warfare 3 was all right but not
not really close to touching Modern
Warfare
located this map is
a have the
point you missed Modern Warfare 2
enemy UAV nubula what are they they
using the frost L that's the one I've
been using U over I mean that's my main
one this is the one I'm trying to get to
gold just the LR
something concussion
My First Call of Duty was technically
Black Ops 1 it started in like the early
2010s identified yeah this is not doing
it for
me I should probably switch to the one I
know how to use is
hos captured the hard point you going to
let a bunch of company [__] beat you
fight back damn
it I think I think the only excuse I
have is that I'm just playing like ass
right now
enemy hardpoint really isn't a sniping
situation
any not unless you're playing with a
team like an actual team of
V oh is SEC there's also the fact that
there's three people with each other and
they're probably all talking or maybe
they're cheating no I'm coping they're
they're
teammates hos have
the H UAV established above enemy UAV
INB UAV yeah they were cheating they
wouldn't have missed
that
UAV or
that hard point lock down
to okay Point
SEC point
identified no I think they're just good
and their
teams hard point is
at ATT the hard point
I'm so [__] though hos Counter UAV
established
above enemy UAV inbound hostile UAV
overhead you mean shipment [__] me
activate Cas protocol get your asses
back to face
Square bear 87 thinks they're haing
but they're they're just they're like
all partied so
yeah squid
games was MW2 the one that had quy as
well cuz quy was
fun like yeah it's still technically a
three lane map but it's a weird one
I think we had this conversation a
couple of streams ago about like what
with the best Cod Maps
but I remember when we having that
conversation I conveniently forgot about
the map Summit from Black Ops
1 which was one of the best maps
ever Summit wh was Summit was
technically three lane as well
but it had such a weird twisting Lane in
the
middle okay let's try being good try and
be good at the video game
Team
Deathmatch we have our orders see it
through gain the advantage now hold it
[Music]
you're telling
me I hit marker that one person who
do I keep thinking I have my skin pack
also I thought that was our Ally did I
kill him I didn't no I didn't
oh I wanted to hit that so
bad I'm so pissed that should have been
mine y'all [__] saw
that unfair
nice Molly
[__] really really really no way his
scope was literally on him
enemy Scout
detected we're [__] falling behind
Crim the video
game that just
died enemy UAV inbound this also isn't
really a sniping map that should be an
excuse
my my my weakness someone running around
with a
knife y like
that I'll clip that one
standing by
out that was really
sad that was free for me and I
missed hostile UAV established over
sorry for using a handgun I'm it's not a
real quick
scoper how these aren't even quick
Scopes anyway
that's sure as hell wasn't let me go I'm
gay let me go I'm gay this is a hate
[Music]
crme UAV established
overhead the [__] was
that UAV fuel check 50%
what what hold
on that was sad UAV
your
parking shut up
oh I miss H rcx in your
AO I have one shot here
you didn't even see
it oh that was bad oh that was so
bad that was UN acceptable everyone kill
me that was also so bad what's wrong
with
me where is my goddamn Pride I'm
gay no no no no no
there we
go now it's
fixed enemy
RX shot
delay underwhelming effort
CRI [__] there's no excuse it's true
excellent job G
nson
St what is that
what what did that
mean what did that
mean the knife
tactical stance on on the sniper rifles
is so funny
cuz tactical stats you just like ignore
the
scope it's like
this a true quick scope
oh God not West Virginia anything but
that oh freefor
all this might not end freefor
all use of deadly force has been
approved
by all means they should have killed
[Applause]
me I can't hit a shot today
to sure
whatever standing
what were you waiting
for okay I deserve to miss
that but not that what the [__]
[Applause]
two much pressure
what the [__] was that
[Applause]
that's
fine no it's fine I just didn't think it
would be a heart
this is never a good idea
[Applause]
but it is this time
apparently
rip very sad inde dead
oh what the [__] what are you
doing
that UAV in the turn We Have Eyes
on what was what was all
[Applause]
that line this is ours to lose UAV
Mission timeline 50% expended
standing
by Mission timeline expired UAV
RTV spring mine was
disrupted enemy UAV inbound
do it do
it UAV commencing surveillance
operation enemy package
above I want to hit them through the
wall UAV
very sad we flying on UAV
base incoming why did
that okay crimon what we I just I just
got I just got
a I just got a Healer I was going to use
it oh I'll take second Place
fine good job
chicken what is
this sure sure
sure that's fine I wasn't so bad that
wasn't so
bad could have been
worse that person's gun is going through
their glass
is iway this is the quick SC era Ranger
handguard so this one no
I'm pretty sure this is the best
handguard for my play
style I'm waiting for this because this
improves uh a down sight
speed but
uh I'm going to try and get diamond on
the
snipers
hello free call at no that didn't do
anything
oh yes it did just doesn't accept
it okay sorry this this will be my last
one and then I'll do actual things
what map oh I hate this this is not a
sniping map
whatsoever like two major areas are
indoors let's do it
anyway at least it's not freefor
all Team
Deathmatch Another Day in Paradise Black
Ops
be enemy
soldier that was
terrible get a quad feed this game
see I [__] hate this map for
sniping good
Lord you fallen
behind most people when they die in this
game over CS they'll be like letting
lose like 20 slurs and then me I'm like
by Jo I'm how did now how did that
Miss they they'll let loose a bunch of
slurs and me I'll just be like by Jo I
dead by Jo I have
died how do they spray TR for me like
that
a hit marker on
nobody I keep forgetting I don't have my
stim pack on maybe we need to
switch yeah this this map isn't it for
me
at least when it comes to sniping
[Applause]
yeah I I
I this map is so cramped
it' probably do much better if I weren't
sniping
but there's so many angles for able to
coming on this map
eyes on
enemy next call enemy Watchdog heo
inbound oh God
we got a rack someone find that [__]
traitor that's a mechanic thing
introduces a sleeper
agent where you can pretend to be in the
enemy team and pull people and [__] it's
really
weird it's kind of fun to pull off
though
you're planning on giving up do it now
when you accidentally crawl on top of a
truck I do this every day of my [__]
life I do I do I
do
okay Kobe
got kby the
sequel
nothing damn it they must have hack
their go we'll holy [__] even Woods is
coping he's like it wasn't us they must
have hacked our
com good job Chris
everyone has the most insane
names cuz we lost to nobody Chris and
Miss be
nice everything's a hell world this
[__] of an
earth
okay gaming has been cancelled for the
foreseeable
future I have been playing uh no man's
Sky
[Music]
again nice
so what are we doing
here oh yeah we had
these we can make these
beautiful actually the the Scorpion the
Scorpion
Evo has such a fast rate of
fire that
theoretically that could be a single
cycle
[Music]
oh wait I just realized we're still on
that screen I got though
[Music]
sh
I
[Music]
is
nice
[Music]
[Applause]
w
just St
[Music]
[Applause]
a
[Music]
w
[Applause]
[Music]
w
[Applause]
[Music]
w
a
[Applause]
[Music]
w
[Applause]
[Music]
w
[Applause]
[Music]
B
[Applause]
[Music]
w
a
[Music]
[Applause]
w wow
[Music]
w
hey hey hey heyy hey
[Music]
hey
sh
[Music]
he
the
[Music]
he
a a
[Music]
a
d
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
n
[Music]
a
d
[Music]
let me let me just
plop it's C
[Music]
blop okay so I made that what else can
we do
here seductive Turtle beckons
he
[Applause]
[Music]
sh
I
is
[Music]
n
t e
[Music]
the
why did I do that on
[Music]
acent sorry that just like mildly
reminded
me
just just mildly
[Music]
nice
okay that's nice
n
[Music]
oh oh
n
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
n
[Music]
n oh
oh
[Music]
a
[Applause]
why does this sound like a Sonic
song like it sounds
like sounds soniy
a
[Music]
da a
n
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
he
a
[Applause]
[Music]
he
[Applause]
[Music]
a
n
[Music]
he
a
[Music]
he
he n
[Music]
d
a
[Music]
n
bye baddy
[Music]
n
the
[Music]
n
n doesn't sound good there
[Music]
n
a
[Music]
n
a
[Music]
n
come
[Applause]
is
for
[Music]
n
sample selection for this is hard for
whatever reason
[Music]
oh a
Pi up something
oh
[Music]
n a
[Applause]
a
[Music]
n
m
[Music]
n
a
[Music]
n
[Applause]
[Music]
a
n
[Music]
a
he
[Music]
[Applause]
a
[Music]
[Applause]
a
[Music]
[Applause]
n
[Music]
hey
hey hey
[Music]
he
[Applause]
[Music]
hey
he
[Music]
he we forgot about this base here
heyy
[Music]
he
hey
hey hey
[Music]
a
n
[Music]
oh
up
[Music]
okay
I know you going to dig
[Music]
getbody
this this is the sound
[Music]
of I found some
uh was it there was some Hideki naganuma
samples or was it
[Music]
look to the Future
there are no what are we going to do and
we build a Right Here and Now ladies and
gentlemen there is a RI Cravings are
the three
four there are no bad guys what are we
going to do and we what are we going to
do I've been very naughty and it's so
easy Christ almighty
okay there is like I don't know who it
was
I literally found a bunch of Hideki Naga
vocal
samples I know I don't know where I with
them you're in
here ambushing look to the
Future there is a riot waiting to go
mon monster
[Music]
monster monster
Monster n
[Music]
mon
I wonder if I can search by adg file but
that might take too long and I'm just
like
maybe surely not
[Music]
he
N
Stop
[Music]
what my [__] car outside
n
[Music]
go ahead scratch
me this is getting
hot what [__]
that this is most disturbing what was
this
oh put your Jack Jack Jack for he
wouldn't be as tough
[Music]
as this is
go oh poison
stab oh the Philly hit welcome
[Music]
this one coming straight from of
the clap your hands
[Music]
everybody all right
Let There Be
house Let There Be
house let
[Music]
house let the house let the house let
the house let the house let the house
let the house let the house let the me
house let the house let the house let
the house let the house let the house
let the house let the house let the
house let the house let the house let
the house let the
house let the house let house let
house let
[Music]
house head down
and close the do cuz we go people let me
see if you can dance in the mix
be house we can't
[Music]
let
house
[Music]
house let be house
house I have an
idea I have an idea I have a huge
enormous enormous
idea [__] the
H check out that wave for
[Music]
wow
house
[Music]
wow let me
house
[Music]
wow let me
house let be
[Music]
house let me
house let
[Music]
house let me
house it's massive massive
T I'll be
[Music]
house let me
house my ideas don't stop there you
understand my ideas don't stop there
you see cards started dropping from the
sky coming down like rain at first we
didn't know where they were all coming
from or who sent them
well yeah I'm
early no
[Music]
house let be
house Let There Be
[Music]
house let me
house let
[Music]
me me
house me house
[Music]
let be
house let be
[Music]
house let be house
let me
[Music]
house let be
house let me house
[Music]
let be
house let me
[Music]
house let
house let me house
[Music]
let be
house let be
[Music]
house let be house
let me
[Music]
house let
house let me
house I thought you might have this
but ready or not
here I
come welcome Dan opponent sub teram
Maness power level 270 G no other data
available a great okay
[Music]
ter what is Terra me and Dan okay Terra
me what is Terra me and Dan Terra me Let
There Be
house Tara means Let There Be
house
[Music]
okay
house okay okay okay
[Music]
okay
okay okay
[Music]
me
house okay okay
okay okay okay okay okay okay okay
[Music]
okay
okay let me house
[Music]
me
house
[Music]
okay house
okay let be
[Music]
house let be house
let
[Music]
house let me
house let be
[Music]
house let me house
let
[Music]
house
house Let There Be house Let There Be
[Music]
let K be house
okay
[Music]
house let be house
[__] [__] that beat
up feel
the where
[Music]
is
okay okay let be house
[Music]
okay let me
house okay let they be
[Music]
house okay let be
okay let I'll be house
[Music]
look s like one of those really good
like
fills oh we're looking for sample magic
I think yeah
[Music]
I knew this one before I like this one
okay let's
[Music]
house
okay let be out let's tell be out
okay
[Music]
let's
house
house me when I just try to decide what
medical drama to
[Music]
watch okay
okay let's be
[Music]
out let's get out the
let's
Okay me
[Music]
house let me house
okay let's
[Music]
me let's be
okay
[Music]
let's let
let
[Music]
Let's help out me
house the
Let's Help be
out let's help be
[Music]
house let
let
[Music]
be let be out
let's
[Music]
be let's
yes
[Music]
hey
let let be out
[Music]
let play be
he
you're
[Music]
go
you're
[Music]
w
he
[Applause]
[Music]
hey
let
[Music]
let let's go
let
[Music]
go go
he let go
[Music]
let
hey let's go
[Music]
let
he
[Music]
let go
let
[Music]
okay
house let
[Music]
house okay
let's get out
[Music]
the let's
let's H
[Music]
be let's
let's go
[Music]
wait this needs one
more this needs one
more one more
thing and then I'll call it a next
word where the [__] is my watch
History sidebar I summon you
so many
dummies oh
good very good
y'
know y
know so many dummies see your Pony
hopping in try to hop in the pony ready
to poke you out you bring out the de po
came back dummy thinks you're going to
take on the D sacrifice the pony and and
cry but no you are the tricky one you're
not going to touch the D but hop in the
pony the little kid tries to use the
potato brain oh I'm going to sacrifice
the pawn you take on the Free Pawn but
my pony hops in double attack and I win
poop on the kitty this is the way give
him the cookies you counter attack he
tries to run away I never wanted your
cookie I wanted the chicken lollipop
nobody can save the
lollipop and cry but no you are the
tricky one you're not going to touch the
D
[Music]
but tricky one not going to touch the D
but hop in the pony little kid to use
the potato
oh I'm going to sacrifice the pawn you
take on the Free Pawn but my pony hops
in double attack and I win poop on the
kitty this is the way give him the
cookies you count ATT you are the tricky
one you're not going to touch the D but
hop in the
[Music]
pony you are the you are the
trick you are the trick one you are the
tricky one you are the trick you are the
you are the tricky one you are the
tricky one you're not you are the tricky
one you are the tricky one you're not
going to touch the you are the tricky
one you are the tricky one you are the
tricky one p a little kid triy frea but
my pony HS in double attack and I win
poop on the KY this is the way you are
the tricky one you are the tricky one
you are the tricky oneop on the kitty
this this is the
way this is
the is
the is the
let you are the tricky one you are the
tricky one you are the tricky one PO on
the kitty this is the this is the this
is
the
let on let's play this with the [__]
video playing
[Music]
let be
house okay
[Music]
let let's out the house
you are the tricky one you are the
tricky one you are the tricky one PO on
the kitty this is the way this is the W
this is the
[Music]
in the cookies you counter ATT
he
nice that's all
something you were the Trixie
one
okay well
[Music]
we
wrong let me uh
I think I'm about to end the stream very
shortly but
uh we'll give this we'll give this one
more
listen after it's done exporting it's
exporting the video which is
[Music]
nice okay
let me
[Music]
house okay let
be let out the
[Music]
you are the tricky one you are the
tricky one you are the tricky one poop
on the kitty this is the way this is the
this is
the let
[Music]
let
get let's go out
go
nice just collect all and save because I
G move the files around and it'll freak
out the freak out
or
okay well that's that's that going
to maybe next time we'll start Red Dead
Redemption thanks for watching the end
of disco elesium
I have to watch all the theory videos
now I'll post the demo on
patreon and was a lovely
time thanks for
coming right let me try again